---

description: Release Notes for March 2014 
keywords: Release Notes for March 2014 
seo-description: Release Notes for March 2014 
seo-title: Experience Manager

---

# Experience Manager

Updated: **March 13, 2014**

* [ Marketing Cloud and Shared Capabilities ](03132014.md#concept_8ABF3457CA104FB3926CF984A9642F69)
* [ Adobe Analytics ](03132014.md#concept_30A0CA30F9C14CCC88B819F4CE8A2F73)
* [ Adobe Social ](03132014.md#concept_E8ECA0AE9197488BB1836CE21E36830A)
* [ Adobe Target ](03132014.md#concept_3BDAC918AAB24829989A95676C08730D)
* [ Media Optimizer ](03132014.md#concept_5D473CC444A3439EAB5C8FCABBD5F781)
* [ Adobe Campaign ](03132014.md#concept_1786AA33061A495DA9CE4B97AF828683)
* [ Experience Manager ](03132014.md#concept_BB636E487A584CBDAE3578BBA3E12116)
* [ Collaboration and Sharing Interface ](03132014.md#concept_8ABF3457CA104FB3926CF984A9642F69/section_5AD81B0737C843AFB4BE9C4420D70EB3)
* [ Adobe Mobile Services ](03132014.md#concept_8ABF3457CA104FB3926CF984A9642F69/section_6349293559DE4FBDB2BF0514E1C01482)
* [ Data Connectors ](03132014.md#concept_8ABF3457CA104FB3926CF984A9642F69/section_FFA1D17E376D475ABC73A41BB7591543)
* [ Dynamic Tag Management ](03132014.md#concept_8ABF3457CA104FB3926CF984A9642F69/section_80F6D89166164A5180A302C10352576C)
## Collaboration and Sharing Interface (Feeds and Boards) {#section_5AD81B0737C843AFB4BE9C4420D70EB3}

Version 14.3.1 is a maintenance release that focuses on speed, stability and security. It does not include major new features.

**Fixes**

* Added the ability to remove your avatar image.
* Fixed an issue preventing you from unlinking your `keyword  Adobe Media Optimizer` accounts.
**Known Issues**

* Deleting an image in Marketing Cloud Assets does not warn if the image is used in Adobe Target Essentials.
* Refreshing a card from `keyword  Analytics` can sometimes lead to an empty chart in the expanded card.
* Users must log out and log back in for all permission and entitlement changes to take effect.
* When `term  Remember me` is not selected during login, the user will be logged out after 15 minutes.
* `keyword  Analytics` solution landing page shows formatting errors.
* The Comments link on asset card view is not clickable.
* Marketing Cloud interface can slow down when in parallel use by many users
* Marketing Cloud cannot be linked to `keyword  Adobe Target`, if the `keyword  Adobe Target` login can be used on multiple Target servers.
* Logging in to Marketing Cloud takes longer than a second.
* After adding a custom tag to an asset, no other metadata changes can be persisted.
* `keyword  Adobe Media Optimizer` does not create users automatically when user has been created in Marketing Cloud.
* Options in combo boxes for adding new users temporarily disappear while typing.
* Data shared from `keyword  Media Optimizer` is mis-represented in Marketing Cloud.
* Sharing Flickr images fails.
* Filters applied to trended reports from `keyword  Analytics` are not applied to cards in Marketing Cloud.
* Group and entitlement changes made in user management only take effect after a new login.
* `keyword  Search&amp;Promote` linking is not available from `wintitle  Organizations &amp; Product Access`.
* User have to refresh the board to make the deleted cards disappear from view.
* Some Excel or CSV files cannot be uploaded to a board.
* `keyword  Adobe Media Optimizer` simulation cards are not rendering correctly.
* Some PNG files cannot be rendered on a card.
* Beta feedback cannot be submitted.
See [ Getting Started with Adobe Marketing Cloud ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mcloud/home.html) for product help.

## Adobe Mobile services {#section_6349293559DE4FBDB2BF0514E1C01482}

Adobe Mobile services bring together mobile marketing capabilities for mobile applications from across the `keyword  Adobe Marketing Cloud`. Initially, the Mobile service provides seamless integration of app analytics and targeting capabilities from the `keyword  Adobe Analytics` and `keyword  Adobe Target` solutions. Learn more at [ Adobe Mobile services documentation ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mobile/).

Fixes for the March 13, 2014 release:

* Added support for `keyword  Target Standard` users.
* Fixed a `keyword  Target` issue that shifted the time zone for start and end dates.
* Changed `term  Last 30 Days` to be 30 days before today. (Previously, the setting included today.)
* Improved filtering performance on reports.
* Improved the layout of UI elements that were overlapping.
* Fixed display issues on `wintitle  Pathing` reports.
* Fixed scrolling issues occurring on Line and Bar charts.
* Added validation for Target audience before returning to Target activity screen.
* Improved how small values display in charts.
* Fix `term  undefined` incorrectly showing as a heading on filtered reports, rather than the variable name.
* Fixed a line chart display issue occurring when Hourly granularity is selected and incomplete data is present.
* Fixed an issue causing the View States menu item to become unselected when you are customizing a chart.
[ Top ](03132014.md#concept_8ABF3457CA104FB3926CF984A9642F69)

## Data Connectors {#section_FFA1D17E376D475ABC73A41BB7591543}

Not updated in this release.

## Dynamic Tag Management {#section_80F6D89166164A5180A302C10352576C}

Features and fixes for dynamic tag management:

**March 11, 2014**

* Fixed issue where test files ( `filepath  ftp_test.txt`) were being left on FTP/SFTP servers after upload was complete. This file is now deleted once the upload is complete as it is only used to test the ability to validate user credentials and is not actually needed by DTM.
* Fixed issue where custom port for FTP/SFTP was not being saved.
**March 6, 2014**

<table id="table_25F7951BC85D4A52B0BA129366795D31"> 
 <tgroup cols="2"> 
  <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1" colwidth="1.00*" /> 
  <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2" colwidth="1.32*" /> 
  <thead> 
   <tr> 
    <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Feature </th> 
    <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
   </tr> 
  </thead> 
  <tbody> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> <p>Added support for SFTP.</p> </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>DTM now supports transmitting published files to a client's server via secure FTP (SFTP).</p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> <p>Added support for hierarchy delimiters.</p> </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p> A delimiter can now be specified when hierarchies are used in a rule that sends data to <span class="keyword"> Adobe Analytics </span>. (Previously, the behavior was that all hierarchies were comma-delimited, and any other delimiter required use of custom code.) </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
  </tbody> 
 </tgroup> 
</table>

Fixes:

* Fixed issue with SVG images in older IE browsers. SVG images that were clicked in older IE browsers (prior to IE version 9) caused errors and would sometimes cause the browser to crash.
* Fixed issue with custom links in direct call rules. Using custom links in direct call rules would generate a Javascript error in the browser.
* Fixed issue with data element rule conditions referencing the wrong name. If a user renamed a data element, and the data element was being referenced in a rule condition, the rule would try to use the most recently specified name for that data element. This issue occurred even if the name change had not yet been published.
* Fixed issue where elements without an HREF attribute caused errors when clicked. This issue is regarding the "linker link" functionality in the DTM engine, which attempts to automatically track any clicked elements on the page. Elements without an HREF were generating errors. The "linker link" code now checks that the element is an anchor tag before attempting to track clicks on it.
Dynamic tag management releases weekly. See [ What's New in Dynamic Tag Management ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/dtm/whatsnew.html) for cumulative release notes.

**Yahoo no longer providing search keywords**

Yahoo recently made a change to remove keywords from natural searches. As a result of this change, some searches from Yahoo are not currently being identified, which is causing a drop in the number of Yahoo searches being reported.

On March 20, 2014, Adobe Analytics will implement a change to correctly identify searches from Yahoo. After this date you'll see the number of searches from Yahoo return to prior levels, and an increase in the instances of "keyword unavailable" on the Traffic Sources reports as a result of the removal of keywords by Yahoo. Additionally, Yahoo no longer provides market or locale information in the referrer, so entries such as "Yahoo! - Japan", "Yahoo! - Brazil", and so on will no longer appear and their traffic will be aggregated with the "Yahoo!" item in reports. See [ Keyword Unavailable in Traffic Sources reports ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/reference/#kb-analytics-keyword-unavailable) for more information.

**Internet Explorer 8 Support in the Adobe Analytics web user interface**

Beginning on April 17, 2014, Internet Explorer 8 will no longer be a supported web browser for users of the `keyword  Adobe Analytics` web user interface. Taking this step allows Adobe to continue to add new functionality which relies upon modern web technologies and is not available in older browsers (such as IE 8 and earlier). This change does not impact the measurement of your IE 8 web users within `keyword  Adobe Analytics`. Also, note that this change does not impact support for Firefox, Chrome, IE 9+, and other modern browsers. Adobe recommends installing one of these browsers for use with `keyword  Adobe Analytics`.

**Upcoming data feed column expansion**

Adobe is currently evaluating an increase to the size of many data feed fields. Increasing the field size provides additional functionality in `keyword  Adobe Analytics`. However, the larger fields could have an impact on customer ETL (extract, transform, load) processes that ingest data feed data. To prepare for this change, all customers should complete the changes explained in [ Data Feed Column Expansion ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/sc/clickstream/?f=datafeeds_whatsnew). Note that the column expansions that were previously scheduled for April 2014 have been postponed, and an announcement will be included in the release notes when these expansions are rescheduled.

* [ Marketing Reports &amp; Analytics ](03132014.md#concept_30A0CA30F9C14CCC88B819F4CE8A2F73/section_9493BB6A60CB4ACDA4FFDA7F005EC31A)
* [ Report Builder ](03132014.md#concept_30A0CA30F9C14CCC88B819F4CE8A2F73/section_DCEDAE09A2DC4FFA8C6EEBA5D6EB58C8)
* [ Ad Hoc Analysis ](03132014.md#concept_30A0CA30F9C14CCC88B819F4CE8A2F73/section_642A2BA2BA994BB8B6E0DCD1FE3F66E9)
* [ Data Workbench (Analytics Premium) ](03132014.md#concept_30A0CA30F9C14CCC88B819F4CE8A2F73/section_7BF8920CB7884C71A5703C6F14AF5597)
* [ Data Warehouse ](03132014.md#concept_30A0CA30F9C14CCC88B819F4CE8A2F73/section_23F16B5749A341BE84BD7E23875416D5)
* [ Clickstream Data Feeds ](03132014.md#concept_30A0CA30F9C14CCC88B819F4CE8A2F73/section_B200909431004B2E86A45A829201C23C)
* [ AppMeasurement and Mobile SDKs ](03132014.md#concept_30A0CA30F9C14CCC88B819F4CE8A2F73/section_A3814753948D412EB94AEFEDFB2100D0)
## Marketing Reports & Analytics {#section_9493BB6A60CB4ACDA4FFDA7F005EC31A}

**Fixes**

Fixes for the March 13, 2014 release:

* When turning on normalization for commerce metrics, the normalization factor was based on Visits and not on the specified metric. Normalization factors are now calculated per metric, instead of using the Visits factor for all commerce events.
* Global calculated metrics like Bounce Rate were not available in the `wintitle  Report Suite Total` reportlet. Bounce Rate is now available for selection in the `wintitle  Company Summary`, `wintitle  Report Suite Summary`, and `wintitle  Metric Gauge` reportlet types.
* Publishing Widgets were handling the reports &amp; analytics calendar incorrectly. The fix applies the correct time zone to deployed publishing widgets.
* Unnamed bookmarks and dashboard reportlets could not be edited. The system now assigns the default name “Unnamed Report” to a report without a name. This allows it to be edited.
* Date format issues in Korean and Simplified Chinese that occurred with using a 2-digit year were fixed by using a 4-digit year like in other locales.
* Dashboard reportlets only showed 30 days in the reporting range. They now show all 31 days of a month.
* Garbled Japanese characters were displayed in the `wintitle  Correlation Filter` window, and have now been fixed.
* Unlike the full report, the conversion funnel reportlet did not display conversions on the dashboard. This fix allows you to toggle summary data on and off in all funnel reportlets ( `uicontrol  Layout` &gt; wrench icon).
* Custom currency event values now show the decimal point on the `wintitle  Real Time Report`.
* Fixed an issues that caused some non U.S. States to appear on the Geo &gt; U.S. States Report.
* Fixed an issue that caused visitors to increase due to transaction ID data source uploads. Transaction ID uploads no longer increase visitor counts.
* The `wintitle  Next Pages` and `wintitle  Previous Pages` Reports no longer show additional report pages beyond the final page of the report.
* Current data was not being returned for some lifecycle metrics collected by the mobile SDKs.
* Fixed an issue that prevented breaking down page names by browser width.
[ Top ](03132014.md#concept_8ABF3457CA104FB3926CF984A9642F69)

## Report Builder {#section_DCEDAE09A2DC4FFA8C6EEBA5D6EB58C8}

No fixes for this release.

[ Top ](03132014.md#concept_8ABF3457CA104FB3926CF984A9642F69)

## Ad Hoc Analysis Maintenance Release {#section_91E56F69267A439484CF45807489E1BE}

Fixes for the March 13, 2014 release:

* Reports in ad hoc analysis displayed blank cells for about 1% of the rows in reports, but when exported into MS Excel these blank cells displayed as "n/a" or infinity characters. It was determined that these blank cell values were not actual numbers. With this fix, ad hoc analysis now reports non-number values as "N/A". This is similar to reports generated from marketing reports &amp; analytics.
* Fixed an issue where the "none" line item was classified but would not display correctly. A classified "none" line item now displays similar to reports generated from marketing reports &amp; analytics.
## Data Workbench {#section_7BF8920CB7884C71A5703C6F14AF5597}

No fixes for March release.

[ Top ](03132014.md#concept_8ABF3457CA104FB3926CF984A9642F69)

## Data Warehouse {#section_23F16B5749A341BE84BD7E23875416D5}

Fixes for the March 13, 2014 release:

* Fixed an issue causing the audit log to show Complete, but no report was sent.
* Fixed an issue causing the evaluator to not return data consistently between data warehouse and ad hoc analysis.
* Fixed an issue causing segment rules using `term  contains one or all of` to not correctly process.
* Fixed a search keyword issue causing `term  ::empty::` to display instead of `term  keyword unavailable`.
* Fixed data discrepancy issues between ad hoc analysis and data warehouse requests. These issues occurred in participation revenue reporting and in the `wintitle  Customer Loyalty` report.
>[!NOTE]
>
>Data warehouse access from Version 14 will be removed in an upcoming release.[ Learn more ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/reference/?f=whatsnew_segments)
[ Top ](03132014.md#concept_8ABF3457CA104FB3926CF984A9642F69)

## Clickstream Data Feeds {#section_B200909431004B2E86A45A829201C23C}

>[!NOTE]
>
>**Important note for all customers using data feeds:** Over the coming months, Adobe is increasing the size of many data feed fields. These changes provide additional functionality in `wintitle  Adobe Analytics`. However, the larger fields could have an impact on customer ETL (extract, transform, load) processes that ingest data feed data. To prepare for this change, all customers should complete the changes explained in [ Data Feed Column Expansion ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/sc/clickstream/?f=datafeeds_whatsnew).
[ Top ](03132014.md#concept_8ABF3457CA104FB3926CF984A9642F69)

## AppMeasurement and Mobile SDKs {#section_A3814753948D412EB94AEFEDFB2100D0}

**AppMeasurement for JavaScript**

**1.2.4**

* Fixes for video heartbeat.
** `keyword  AppMeasurement` for Other Platforms**

See [ AppMeasurement Release History ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/sc/appmeasurement/release/index.html) the following for a release history of `keyword  AppMeasurement` on the following platforms:

* JavaScript
* iOS
* Android
* Flash-Flex
* OSX
* Windows Phone, XBOX, Silverlight, and .NET
* BlackBerry
* Java
* PHP
* Symbian
[ Top ](03132014.md#concept_8ABF3457CA104FB3926CF984A9642F69)

**New Features and Enhancements**

<table id="table_3CA51E873E324FD4B7CF14190F127A77"> 
 <tgroup cols="2"> 
  <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1" colwidth="1.00*" /> 
  <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2" colwidth="2.79*" /> 
  <thead> 
   <tr> 
    <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Feature </th> 
    <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
   </tr> 
  </thead> 
  <tbody> 
   <tr valign="top"> 
    <td colname="col1"> <span class="wintitle"> Moderation Overview dashboard </span> </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>The <span class="wintitle"> Moderation Overview </span> dashboard provides a complete view of your organization's moderation efforts. You can view moderation statistics for individual members of your team, see how long it takes your team to resolve escalated issues, determine which time of day most issues are escalated, compare the number of unresolved issues to resolved issues, and more. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr valign="top"> 
    <td colname="col1"> <span class="wintitle"> Unified moderation </span> </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>The enhanced multi-platform moderation feature lets you moderate inbound content from Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and on-site social communities powered by Adobe Experience Manager. The unified moderation feature lets you create customized moderation feeds, side-by-side in one dashboard. Using auto-delete rules, inappropriate content posted to your owned Facebook pages can be automatically removed based on a fully configurable list of keywords.</p> <p> <p>Note:  The legacy Twitter moderation tool has been deprecated. Use the unified moderation tool to moderate Twitter content. The legacy Facebook moderation tool is being deprecated, but you can still access it from the left navigation menu. After you are comfortable with the new workflows for Facebook moderation within unified moderation, contact your Social Account Manager to have the legacy Facebook moderation tool removed from your configuration. You should not use both moderation tools simultaneously. Your account admin should consult the <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/social/moderation_migration.pdf" format="http" scope="external"> Moderation Tool Migration Guide </a> to decide which tool to use. If you have further questions, contact your Social Account Manager. </p> </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr valign="top"> 
    <td colname="col1"> <span class="wintitle"> Social Buzz </span> report enhancements </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>The <span class="wintitle"> Social Buzz </span> report includes the following enhancements: </p> 
     <ul id="ul_A7027FB76FD843CE9695619BB593D7FB"> 
      <li id="li_EF3E0A3CDCB346D1B37286E410701618"> <p> <b>Sentiment Tuning:</b>Manually override the sentiment of a post from the <span class="wintitle"> Social Buzz </span> report. Adjusting sentiment feeds the sentiment algorithm for a specific report suite, making the algorithm smarter and more accurate to a specific client’s needs over time. </p> </li> 
      <li id="li_4D77BEA2987A473E8FAA47B4E4C96949"> <p> <b>Authors Widget:</b>The <span class="wintitle"> Authors </span> widget in the <span class="wintitle"> Social Buzz </span> report contains a list of your top authors. The widget respects currently set filters. This feature lets you see which authors are mentioning content captured by your listening rules the most. </p> </li> 
      <li id="li_04FB3B239E4045FB97967A18106D6EE9"> <p> <b>Post Details:</b>Expand a post to view more details and metadata about each post. </p> </li> 
      <li id="li_34B71681524047CE8F03F86FF0995960"> <p> <b>New Filters:</b>You can now filter the <span class="wintitle"> Social Buzz </span> report by <span class="wintitle"> Emotion </span>, <span class="wintitle"> Klout Score </span>, and <span class="wintitle"> Country </span>. </p> </li> 
     </ul> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr valign="top"> 
    <td colname="col1"> Social user profiles </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>Obtain a cross-social network view of the people you are engaging with using Social with moderation history and internal notes on each profile.</p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr valign="top"> 
    <td colname="col1"> <span class="wintitle"> Rule Builder </span> enhancements </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>Enhancements to the <span class="wintitle"> Rule Builder </span> make creating listening rules more intuitive. The <span class="wintitle"> Platforms </span> section now displays above the <span class="wintitle"> Collection Dates </span> section to make the workflow more efficient. In addition, the <span class="wintitle"> Basic </span> tab (previously named <span class="wintitle"> Advanced </span>) is now the default, which lets you create listening rules using boolean logic. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr valign="top"> 
    <td colname="col1"> Quick-select <span class="wintitle"> Social Properties </span> selector </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>The <span class="wintitle"> Social Properties </span> selection widget in the <span class="wintitle"> Publisher </span> displays the properties that you have most frequently posted to in the last 30 days. This feature lets you quickly find and publish content to those properties that are most important to you. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr valign="top"> 
    <td colname="col1"> <span class="wintitle"> Shorten URL </span> feature for URLs </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>When Auto-Shorten is off, the <span class="wintitle"> Shorten URL </span> feature lets publishers shorten links easily from the <span class="wintitle"> Publisher </span> and <span class="wintitle"> Content Calendar </span>. The <span class="wintitle"> Shorten URL </span> feature manually triggers URL shortening for all links within the post and selects the last-used shortener by default. The user can override the last-used shortener. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr valign="top"> 
    <td colname="col1"> <b>Adobe Labs:</b> <span class="wintitle"> Social Buzz </span> <span class="wintitle"> Emotion </span> widget </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>Get a sneak peek at the new <span class="wintitle"> Emotion </span> widget. The <span class="wintitle"> Emotion </span> wheel in the <span class="wintitle"> Social Buzz </span> report contains a wheel graph that displays the percentage of captured posts in each emotion category. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr valign="top"> 
    <td colname="col1"> Owned Social Insights </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> Owned Social Insights for LinkedIn and Google+ is available for select companies. Inquire with your Account Manager for more details. </td> 
   </tr> 
  </tbody> 
 </tgroup> 
</table>

**Fixes**

In addition to the new features and enhancements described above, enhancements and fixes in `keyword  Social` 3.2.1 focus on improved performance, scalability, usability, and reliability. More than 260 back-end fixes and enhancements address these areas. The fixes highlighted below describe resolutions for the more important customer-reported issues.

* Fixed a display issue in the `wintitle  Post Performance` section of the `wintitle  Marketing Overview` dashboard. The labels in the column headers now display correctly.
* Fixed an issue that prevented the `wintitle  Campaigns` widget from loading on the `wintitle  Marketing Overview` dashboard.
* Fixed an issue that caused the `wintitle  Posted By` column to be missing from a downloaded `wintitle  Post Analytics` report.
* Fixed an issue that caused inconsistencies for posts containing links between the `wintitle  Post Analytics` and `wintitle  Post Details` reports.
* Fixed an issue that caused inconsistent display issues for reach metrics between the `wintitle  Post Analytics` and `wintitle  Post Details` reports.
* Fixed an issue that prevented data for some tweets to be included in the `wintitle  Post Analytics` report's exported file.
* Changed `term  Reach` to `term  Followers` for Google+ pages in the `wintitle  Post Analytics` and `wintitle  Post Details` reports and in their respective exported files.
* Fixed an issue that caused inconsistencies between the Link Click and Link Click (Unique) values in the `wintitle  Post Analytics` report.
* Fixed an issue that caused duplicate tweets to display in the `wintitle  Post Analytics` report and in its exported file.
* The first line of each post in the `wintitle  Post Analytics` report now contains the name of the property to which the content was posted.
* Fixed an issue that caused the names of filtered properties to not display at the top of the `wintitle  Post Analytics` report. The names of individual properties now display properly and the appropriate platform's icon (Twitter, Facebook, etc.) now displays next to each property's name.
* Fixed an issue that caused empty rows to display in the `wintitle  Post Analytics` roll-up report for LinkedIn properties.
* Fixed an issue in the `wintitle  Post Details` report that caused total engagement numbers for LinkedIn posts to not display.
* Fixed an issue that caused engagement number discrepancies between the `wintitle  Post Analytics` roll-up report and the `wintitle  Post Details` report.
* Fixed a display issue on the `wintitle  Property Details` report for YouTube and LinkedIn properties if no posts were made to those platforms during the selected date range. The `wintitle  Top Post` widget now displays on the right side from which you can write a new post.
* Fixed an issue where an error was thrown from the `wintitle  Property Details` page for a Twitter account if no posts were made to that account during the selected date range.
* Fixed an issue in the `wintitle  Post Details` report that sometimes caused posts from different companies to display if users changed companies during the same browser session.
* Reordered the filter items in the `wintitle  Analytics` and `wintitle  Publish` modules so they are consistent.
* Changed the chart label in the `wintitle  Competitor Analytics` report to match the selected metric name. For example, `term  Post Engagements` now reads `term  Post Engagements (Public)`, which also displays in the metric selector.
* Fixed an issue that prevented users from adding a new competitor ( `uicontrol  Settings` &gt; `uicontrol  Competitor Pages`). After entering information for a valid property, the `wintitle  Save` button is now enabled.
* Fixed an issue that caused photos in a Facebook album to be ordered differently than shown in the `keyword  Social` preview.
* Fixed an issue that infrequently caused errors when users tried to upload images using URLs.
* Fixed an issue when posting a link to a YouTube video that caused the Social preview and actual post on Google+ to differ.
* Fixed an issue that sometimes caused posts to fail with an "undefined method 'parse_v3_params' for #" message.
* Fixed an issue that caused the `wintitle  Delete` option to incorrectly display on the master post of content posted to multiple platforms that include LinkedIn.
* Fixed an issue that caused tweets containing links to be unclassified and not display properly in the `wintitle  Campaign Details` report.
* Reworded the message displayed when users create a template from a draft in the `wintitle  Publisher`. The new message more accurately describes the action taken.
* Fixed an issue that caused the `wintitle  Google+ Pages` menu item to not display in the left navigation under `wintitle  Settings`.
* Fixed an issue that caused some listening rule variables to be truncated and not work correctly.
* Removed the number of followers for Twitter accounts from the `wintitle  Twitter Accounts` page ( `wintitle  Settings` &gt; `wintitle  Twitter Accounts`). You can view the number of followers for each owned Twitter account on the `wintitle  Properties` page ( `wintitle  Settings` &gt; `wintitle  Properties`).
* Fixed an issue that prevented a user from removing a Facebook account from `keyword  Social` if that user is the only admin linked to that account.
* Fixed an issue that caused an error when accessing Settings &gt; Facebook pages if the report suite does not have a name.
* Changed the way ownership for a Google+ page works when a role is removed from an admin of that page. Admins are now shown as page owners and anyone who is an admin can then change the configuration for that page.
* Fixed an issue that caused users problems when selecting `wintitle  Owned` or `wintitle  All` in the `wintitle  Permission/Ownership` section in `keyword  Analytics` `wintitle  Admin Tools`.
[ Top ](03132014.md#concept_8ABF3457CA104FB3926CF984A9642F69)

**Target Advanced 3.9.1**

New information for the March 13, 2014 release.

<table id="table_5BC039E05FD84CDC8F3F74A9BDAFBBEE"> 
 <tgroup cols="2"> 
  <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1" colwidth="*" /> 
  <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2" colwidth="*" /> 
  <thead> 
   <tr> 
    <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Enhancement </th> 
    <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
   </tr> 
  </thead> 
  <tbody> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> mbox.js improvement </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> mbox.js now supports using a custom global mbox name for Target Standard </td> 
   </tr> 
  </tbody> 
 </tgroup> 
</table>

**Fixes**

This release includes the following fixes:


* Fixed an error that caused mbox.js to fail on some product pages.

**Target Standard 1.6**

New information for the March 13, 2014 release:

<table id="table_6299F83B85B54E13BC58C8337D5C5899"> 
 <tgroup cols="2"> 
  <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1" colwidth="*" /> 
  <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2" colwidth="*" /> 
  <thead> 
   <tr> 
    <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Feature </th> 
    <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
   </tr> 
  </thead> 
  <tbody> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> Localized versions available </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <span class="keyword"> Target Standard </span> has been localized in French, German, Japanese, and Spanish </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> Simplified implementation </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <span class="keyword"> Target Standard </span> has been improved to make it easier to implement. </td> 
   </tr> 
  </tbody> 
 </tgroup> 
</table>

**Fixes**

This release includes the following bug fixes:


* Fixed an issue that caused Remove Item and Edit HTML to not work in certain cases.

**Known Issues**

This release includes the following known issues. This issue will be fixed in an upcoming update.


* Winner works based on Goal only and does not change based on metrics selected.
* Click tracking does not work on elements that have been rearranged using the `wintitle  Visual Experience Composer`. Avoid setting up click tracking on rearranged elements until this is bug is fixed.
* A synchronization error occurs if Geo audiences are created in `keyword  Target Standard` when geolocation is disabled in `keyword  Target Advanced`.
* Unable to swap an image when the image is referenced in CSS.

[ Top ](03132014.md#concept_8ABF3457CA104FB3926CF984A9642F69)

**Audience Management DIL 4.8**

Updated February 6, 2014

* Released DIL 4.8 to fix a compatibility issue with the AppMeasurement for JavaScript library. Analytics customers must also update to version 1.2.2 of AppMeasurement for JavaScript (this change does not impact customers on H code).
* [ Audience management release notes ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/demdex/c_release_notes.html).
* Advertising management - Help for advertising management is available in the product at  `uicontrol  Help`  &gt; `uicontrol  Help Contents` .
[ Top ](03132014.md#concept_8ABF3457CA104FB3926CF984A9642F69)

For help and support, sign in to the [ Adobe Campaign Extranet ](https://support.neolane.net/doc/AC6.1/en/home.html).

[ Top ](03132014.md#concept_8ABF3457CA104FB3926CF984A9642F69)

* [ Adobe Experience Manager ](http://dev.day.com/docs/en/cq/current/release_notes/overview.html)
* [ Scene7 Publishing System Release Notes ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/s7/release_notes/index.html)
[ Top ](03132014.md#concept_8ABF3457CA104FB3926CF984A9642F69)

