---
description: New features and fixes in the Adobe Experience Cloud.
keywords: release notes
seo-description: New features and fixes in the Adobe Experience Cloud.
seo-title: Release Notes - February 2018
solution: Experience Cloud,Release Notes
title: Release Notes - February 2018
uuid: 284a1a0c-34d5-4b9f-9852-81dd061cc987
---

# Release Notes - February 2018

New features and fixes in the Adobe Experience Cloud.

>[!NOTE]
>
>To be notified about the early release notes, subscribe to the [Adobe Priority Product Update](https://www.adobe.com/subscription/priority-product-update.html). The Priority Product Update is sent three to five business days prior to the release. Please check back at release time for updates. New information published after the release will be marked with the publication date. 

## Experience Cloud Recipes

[Experience Cloud Recipes](https://helpx.adobe.com/marketing-cloud/how-to/use-cases.html) help you implement and deploy cross-solution workflows and integrations. 

<table id="table_558E0B0AECB84969825705EC62FA1BB2"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Use Case </th> 
   <th colname="col02" class="entry"> Date Published </th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>First-time Setup </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col02"> <p>October 18, 2017 </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>The first-time setup recipe walks you through the steps to get started using Experience Cloud solutions. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Email Optimization </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col02"> <p>August 15, 2017 </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>The email marketing use case shows you how to implement an integrated email strategy with analytics, optimization, and campaign management. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> <span class="uicontrol"> Mobile </span> App Engagement </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col02"> <p>June 1, 2017 </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> The mobile app engagement use case shows you how to integrate your mobile apps with the Adobe Experience Cloud to measure user engagement and deliver personalized experiences to your audiences. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Digital Foundation </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col02"> <p>May 2017 </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> The Digital Foundation use case helps you implement a digital marketing platform with Analytics, optimization, and campaign management. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Customer Intelligence </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col02"> <p>April 2017 </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> The Customer Intelligence use case shows you how to create a unified customer profile using multiple data sources, and how to use this profile to build actionable audiences. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

## [!DNL Experience Cloud] and [!UICONTROL Core Services]

Release notes for the core services interface, including [!UICONTROL Assets], [!UICONTROL Feed], [!UICONTROL Notifications], [!UICONTROL People] core service, [!UICONTROL Mobile] Services, Launch, and Dynamic Tag Management. Also includes release information for Experience Cloud ID Service (Visitor API). 

### [!DNL Experience Cloud] Core Services {#experience_cloud_interface}

New features and fixes in the Experience Cloud interface. 

Release date: **February 2018**

**Fixes** 

* Fixed an issue with [!DNL Audience Manager] trait that caused segments created via audience library interface not to populate data in [!DNL Audience Manager]. (CORE-9891)
* Fixed an issue to enable the asset picker to be used on hybrid touch devices. (CORE-9932)
* Added Auditor card in the Activation UI for the provisioned users. (CORE-3667)
See [Experience Cloud Product Documentation](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mcloud/) for product help. 

### [!UICONTROL Mobile] Services {#mobile}

New features, updates, and fixes to [!UICONTROL Mobile] Services. 

<table id="table_519893D8565A4D489CB13D5EAF1E9325"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Issue </th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Decommissioning  <span class="wintitle"> Target </span> workflows in  <span class="uicontrol"> Mobile </span> Services </p> </td> 
     <td colname="col2"> <p> Beginning in March 2018, as part of disabling the Adobe  <span class="wintitle"> Target </span> workflows in Adobe  <span class="uicontrol"> Mobile </span> Services, the ability to create new Target/Activities, Target/Audiences, and Target/Content has been disabled in this release. </p> <p> You can continue to view, modify, and delete the existing Activities, Audiences, and Content until March 2018. </p> <p>For more information, see <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mobile/c_mob_remove-target-faqs.html" format="html" scope="external"> Decommissioning Target Workflows in Mobile Services </a>. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

**Fixes** 

* Fixed minor issues with incorrect data in the reports for some push messages and marketing links.

See [Adobe Mobile Services](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mobile/) for product documentation. To see the release notes for previous releases, expand *Previous Release Notes* in the left pane. 

## Analytics

Release date: **February 8, 2018**

* [Important Notices for Analytic Administrators](../../c-legacy-releases/2018/02082018.md#analytics_notices) (updated **02/08/2018**)
* [Analytics - New Features](../../c-legacy-releases/2018/02082018.md#features_analytics)
* [Analytics - Fixes and Updates](../../c-legacy-releases/2018/02082018.md#analytics-interface) (Updated** 2/12/2018**)

### Important Notices for Analytics Administrators {#analytics_notices}

>[!IMPORTANT]
>
>Review the following table for important [!DNL Analytics] notices that may affect data collection, processing, APIs, product end-of-life, and so on.


<table id="table_1207853963C64C5E95E85E9B34B6FCFE"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Notice </th> 
   <th colname="col02" class="entry"> Date Added or Updated </th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Code Manager - Legacy H Code </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col02"> <p>February 8, 2018 </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Downloading legacy JavaScript (H code) from the Code Manager is no longer supported. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Back-end changes that affect reporting </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col02"> <p>February 8, 2018 </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>A change to the (back-end) lookup mechanism is going to impact reporting in several ways. Please be aware that these changes will go into effect around the <b>end of February, 2018</b>: </p> 
    <ul id="ul_7515E2E79FD94B8F8DFF4C2DBB9E6A84"> 
     <li id="li_F37C29245E064716AE2F3AC9C20A77BC"> Page renaming will no longer be allowed. Going forward, you will need to use classifications to rename pages. </li> 
     <li id="li_14CAB45EC2F2490BB6C8A912C66BB77C"> The URL "replacement" methodology is different. Previously, Adobe Analytics would store (mostly) the first URL associated with each pagename each month. Going forward, we will store the most recent URL for each pagename. </li> 
     <li id="li_E46207F194134AEA86F5CB2C8F26C76C"> Category reports for rollups and current data in [!UICONTROL Reports & Analytics] will no longer be provided. </li> 
     <li id="li_C699A0328CFD4AC4839C481710FE29AA"> There will be no support for page/prop data from before approximately January 2007 (in some cases, 2006). This only impacts pages, props and page events (i.e. custom links, exit links, download links). <p>Note:  This change does not impact reporting in <span class="uicontrol"> Analysis Workspace</span> or Data Warehouse. </p><p>If you have data preceding these dates, expect the following: </p> 
      <ul id="ul_7CC6A7455BAF4ADCB7A626F2BB8A45B6"> 
       <li id="li_07D957DE7D6D4458AEA8B30910A8E8F9">Data will not combine correctly across the pre/post January 2007 boundary </li> 
       <li id="li_96D1DF439E2842AE9E2FCF951ADFA9FB">Searches will not work against data before approximately Jan. 2007 </li> 
      </ul></li> 
    </ul> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Data retention: Check and set your data retention policy for Adobe Analytics </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col02"> <p>February 1, 2018 </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> <b>Background</b> </p> <p>The European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), which applies as from May 25, 2018, provides that Adobe, in its role as your data processor, must take appropriate measures to assist its customers in fulfilling access, deletion, and other requests from individuals. Applying appropriate, secure, and timely deletion policies is an important part of complying with this obligation. As a result, Adobe would like to work with you to implement a data retention policy before GDPR takes effect on May 25, 2018. </p> <p>What to expect. Unless you already have an Adobe Analytics data retention policy in place, here's what to expect. </p> <p>Going forward, Adobe will begin applying data retention as currently specified in customer contracts for Adobe Analytics, unless other arrangements are made. Most Adobe Analytics contracts state that Adobe may delete data after 25 months. Once a data retention policy is in place for your organization, it is enforced on a rolling monthly basis. Data retention for longer periods than 25 months is available for an additional fee. Data retention periods for shorter periods can also be configured by contacting Customer Care. </p> <p> You will soon receive an email with additional details for your organization. </p> <p>Data retention impacts all methods for accessing historical Adobe Analytics data, including but not limited to  <span class="uicontrol"> Reports & Analytics </span>, <span class="uicontrol"> Analysis Workspace</span>, <span class="uicontrol"> Report Builder</span>, the Web Services Reporting APIs, data warehouse, and data feeds. </p> <p> <b>Next steps</b> </p> <p>Identify stakeholders within your organization responsible for making decisions about data retention. Your organization is best placed to know the appropriate period for which Adobe Analytics data should be retained. </p> <p>Please contact your Adobe Customer Success Manager if you have any questions regarding data retention for Adobe Analytics. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>User account linking </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col02"> <p>October 26, 2017 </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Analytics users no longer need to manually link their accounts between the Experience Cloud and Analytics. Users can contact their <a href="https://helpx.adobe.com/enterprise/help/aedash.html" format="html" scope="external"> Admin Console </a> administrator to request Analytics access. 
     <!--<xref href="https://jira.corp.adobe.com/browse/CORE-5526">https://jira.corp.adobe.com/browse/CORE-5526</xref>--></p> <p> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/experience-cloud/admin-console/analytics-migration/" format="https" scope="external"> Learn more about the Analytics User ID Migration </a>. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>User ID Migration to the Admin Console </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col02"> <p>September 21, 2017 </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>The Analytics user ID migration enables administrators to easily migrate user accounts from Analytics User Management to the Adobe Admin Console. After your users are migrated, they will have access to the solutions and core services available in the Experience Cloud. The migration is being rolled out to customers in phases beginning later this month. </p> <p> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/experience-cloud/admin-console/analytics-migration/" format="https" scope="external"> Learn more about the Analytics User ID Migration </a>. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> Notice for API Methods affected by the migration to the Admin Console. </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col02"> <p>September 21, 2017 </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> Adobe will phase out the <span class="codeph"> Permissions </span> and <span class="codeph"> Company.GetLoginKey </span> API methods as part of our effort to migrate user access and management to the Admin Console. </p> <p> All Analytics companies that currently use these methods will receive a pre-migration notification beginning <b>March 31, 2018</b>. After receiving this notification, administrators will have 30 days before their migration starts, and these methods will cease to work for your company. </p> <p> To prepare for this event, view the list of affected APIs, and learn what Adobe recommends, see <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/developer/documentation/analytics-administration-1-4/admin-api" format="https" scope="external"> Analytics Administration API 1.4 </a>. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Ad Hoc Analysis </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col02"> <p>September 21, 2017 </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>As of May 2018, Ad Hoc Analysis will support only Java 8 or higher. If you choose to run Ad Hoc Analysis on Java 7 after the May 2018 Maintenance Release, Adobe will no longer support your Ad Hoc Analysis implementation. </p> <p>Our .jar files are signed with a secure 256-bit encryption that is not supported by Java versions less than 1.7.0_76. This 256-bit certificate allows us to serve you with enhanced security. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Bot Rules </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col02"> <p>Sept. 21, 2017 </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>We recommend defining no more than 500 bot rules per report suite. </p> <p>The user interface allows for 500 rules to be manually defined. After this limit is reached, rules need to be managed in bulk through the <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/reference/t_upload_bot_rules.html" format="html" scope="external"> Import File </a> and Export Bot Rules options. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Calendar Events: Displaying top 20 most recent events </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col02"> <p>September 21, 2017 </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>To ensure optimal reporting performance, the 20 most recent calendar events will be displayed on trended and overtime graphs. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>geo_zip </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col02"> <p> August 23, 2017 </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> As of August 22, Adobe Analytics started determining geo_zip on all hits received during data collection. This update increases data accuracy, particularly for mobile devices. Previously, the geo_zip was set once per visit. Now, geo_zip can correctly change during the course of a visitor's visit. The geo_zip field is not used in reporting, but surfaces in Data Feeds. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Geo Segmentation </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col02"> <p> August 21, 2017 </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> On August 22, Adobe Analytics enabled <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/reference/reports_geosegmentation.html" format="html" scope="external"> Geo Segmentation </a> reports for all customers. This change is in anticipation of the upcoming removal of the geo segmentation settings in the Admin Console. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

### New Features in Adobe Analytics {#features_analytics}

Enhancements and new features released in Adobe [!DNL Analytics]. 

<table id="table_91D1FD20C4C1411292252364328677AF"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col01" class="entry"> Product </th> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Feature Name </th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td> <p><span class="uicontrol"> Analysis Workspace</span> </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col01"></td> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Custom Workspace Templates </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>You can now build your own Workspace templates and save them so that other users in your organization can start with data that is relevant to them. <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/analytics/analysis-workspace/starter_projects.html" format="html" scope="external"> More... </a></p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col01"></td> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>New Project launch modal </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Clicking “new project” launches a new screen that gives you the choice to start from </p> 
    <ul id="ul_FE90E6B9AF334A029D66A43901F8FA0B"> 
     <li id="li_F1DFD9AE140C4E5B849D4C522D5968DB">a blank project, or </li> 
     <li id="li_23BD391D68674C299858A97BFE10598B">a built-in Workspace template, or </li> 
     <li id="li_04D84FE375B84BF88843AA0D43A234BF">a custom Workspace template (see above) </li> 
    </ul> <p> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/analytics/analysis-workspace/t_freeform_project.html" format="html" scope="external"> More... </a> </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col01"></td> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Right-click support for copy </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>We added a right-click "Copy to clipboard" option to allow you to consistently copy cells/tables. <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/analytics/analysis-workspace/t_freeform_project.html" format="html" scope="external"> More... </a></p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col01"></td> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Improvement to Column % </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>The “percentage of total” shown in columns was capped at 100%, even when certain scenarios lead to rows being more than 100% of the total (such as with averages). </p> <p>We now show percentages greater than 100%, to be more accurate. We are also moving the upper bound cap to 1,000% to ensure columns can grow in width too large. <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/analytics/analysis-workspace/column-settings.html" format="html" scope="external"> More... </a></p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col01"></td> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Conditional Formatting enabled on Breakdowns </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Applying conditional formatting (colors, etc) within Freeform tables is now automatically enabled on breakdowns, unless “Custom” limits are selected. <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/analytics/analysis-workspace/column-settings.html" format="html" scope="external"> More... </a></p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col01"></td> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Changes to default calendar view </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>By default, the Workspace calendar will now show current month and last month, instead of current month and next month. <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/analytics/analysis-workspace/calendar.html" format="html" scope="external"> More... </a></p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col01"></td> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Improved hover/selection colors in Workspace tables </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>The difference in colors when hovering over a Freeform table cell versus clicking on a cell has been made more distinct. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td> <p>Permission Settings for <span class="term"> Contribution Analysis </span> and <span class="term"> Anomaly Detection </span></p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col01"></td> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Separate permission settings </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Previously, permission settings for <span class="term"> Anomaly Detection </span> and <span class="term"> Contribution Analysis </span> were applied using a single setting in Report Suite Tools. These settings have been separated. </p> <p>To configure permission settings: </p> <p> <b>Admin Tools Users</b> </p> <p>Edit the <span class="term"> All Report Access </span> group in Analytics Admin Tools: <span class="uicontrol"> Analytics </span> &gt; <span class="uicontrol"> Admin </span> &gt; <span class="uicontrol"> User Management </span> &gt; <span class="uicontrol"> Groups </span> &gt; <span class="uicontrol"> Edit All Report Access </span> &gt; <span class="uicontrol"> Report Suite Tools </span> &gt; <span class="uicontrol"> Customize </span>. </p> <p> <b>Admin Console Users</b> </p> <p>Edit <span class="term"> Report Suite Tools </span> in the <a href="https://adminconsole.adobe.com/enterprise" format="https" scope="external"> Admin Console </a>: Click <span class="uicontrol"> Products </span> &gt; <span class="uicontrol"> [product profile] </span> &gt; <span class="uicontrol"> Permissions </span> &gt; <span class="uicontrol"> Report Suite Tools </span>. </p> 
    <!--<p>See <xref href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mcloud/admin_getting_started.html" format="html" scope="external">Assign Analytics access permissions to a product profile</xref> in Experience Cloud help.</p>--> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td> <p>Video Analytics </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col01"> <p> </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>One-second ad tracking </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Increases ad tracking accuracy by a factor of 10 when a user abandons an ad before its completion. </p> <p>Before this update, you could lose up to 10 seconds of ad playback tracking when a user closed the player before completion of the ad. With one-second ad tracking granularity you lose only up to one second of ad playback tracking. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col01"> <p> </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col1"> Improved player state management and error recovery </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Additional logic to better support maintaining player states and ensuring accurate measurement, including identification of closed state. </p> <p>A player can now indicate immediately that a session has ended when a user closes the session without completing the content. Prior to this update, early abandonment of a session was determined by a 10-minute timeout period during which no heartbeats were received. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

### [!DNL Analytics] - Fixes and Updates {#analytics-interface}

Fixes and minor updates applied to Adobe Analytics interface tools and components ([!UICONTROL Analysis Workspace], [!UICONTROL Reports & Analytics], [!UICONTROL Report Builder], and so on). 

<table id="table_A51B298EEEB5482383505B8C5A79E1B9"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Product </th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Fix or Update </th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> <span class="uicontrol"> Analysis Workspace </span> </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> 
     <ul id="ul_2F22339DDE4C475F89B53D0E6FF33183"> 
      <li id="li_687D8507130D4EDEAF6AA816673477EE">Fixed issues with changed freeform table column width settings getting reset to default after saving them. (AN-156105, AN-155806, AN-156093) </li> 
      <li id="li_74F93C3EAD7A4A75B966F906C8395212">Fixed an issue with not being able to download or email PDF files in some situations. (AN-155892) </li> 
      <li id="li_0DF1D76CE5AB4C40A8237300A13CC2BD">Fixed an issue where some dimension values displayed as “unknown” when pulling the data with a different date range, in Workspace tables. (AN-153597) </li> 
      <li id="li_7AB00F90761A49C8B3C02E30494622D1">Fixed an issue where clicking a Shared Project link took the user to the [!UICONTROL Analysis Workspace] Overview page instead of to the shared project. (AN-152917) </li> 
      <li id="li_3527347040424B5FB3FE7B7A5000D07F">Fixed an issue that occasionally caused incorrect formatting on some bar graphs. (AN-151452) </li> 
      <li id="li_49BF61697F6449BA80DAD50BB9F501F7">Fixed an issue that caused new visualizations (created by right-clicking) to display below the table, instead of above. (AN-156533) </li> 
     </ul> </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>General Analytics </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> 
     <ul id="ul_B3810CF9DA584DDDB811F1D0F91B78F2"> 
      <li id="li_2083954883CF43FFB3F622AA31CC4CAC"> <b> Time-stamped hits</b>: (Updated <b>2/12/2018</b>) Fixed an issue causing non-times-tamped hits to appear hours later rather than in real-time (AN-150688, AN-156202). </li> 
      <li id="li_70C87228892242C99129CF1625A88B24"> <b>Alerts</b>: Fixed an issue that occurred when selecting a <span class="wintitle"> None </span> line item in [!UICONTROL Analysis Workspace] and right-clicking to “Create alert from selection.” The Alert Builder contained only “Unspecified” as an option, but not “None”. Going forward, “Unspecified” will appear in [!UICONTROL Analysis Workspace]. (AN-146879) </li> 
      <li id="li_A4AA1A05384D45A5878C543BE753BAAC"> <b>Admin (Permissions)</b>: Fixed a permissions issue that prevented users from logging in to Ad Hoc Analysis via the Marketing Cloud. (AN-156033) </li> 
      <li id="li_56553DF27F74437C8B780BCD65949EE0"> <b>Virtual Report Suites</b>: Fixed an issue that caused problems when editing Virtual Report Suites. (AN-156476) </li> 
     </ul> </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Video Analytics </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> 
     <ul id="ul_D26E3F16A12846FBB46033D57441E574"> 
      <li id="li_9CBEBD1F35094705A89373140DC1991E">Stability fixes: Small improvements to SDK performance. </li> 
     </ul> </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

### [!DNL Analytics] - Administration, Data Collection, Implementation {#analytics-implement}

Fixes and updates applied to [!DNL Analytics] administration tools, including implementation and developer (Web Services and SDKs). 

<!-- <p>Includes any topics under Analytics &amp;gt; Admin and Implementation or data collection items. </p> -->

<table id="table_EB8261E817054C2F8B17C09D16DB3412"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Product / Feature </th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Update </th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>User management in the Admin Console </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> <b>User ID Migration Tool</b> </p> <p>The Analytics user ID migration enables administrators to easily migrate user accounts from Analytics User Management to the Adobe Admin Console. After your users are migrated, they will have access to the solutions and core services available in the Experience Cloud. The migration is being rolled out to customers in phases beginning later this month. </p> <p> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/experience-cloud/admin-console/analytics-migration/" format="https" scope="external"> Learn more about the Analytics User ID Migration </a>. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

## [!DNL Audience Manager]

<table id="table_A6749BA62D5B40479B949EA1C64E4B7F"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Feature </th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Device ID support for AdCloud Destinations in Addressable Audiences </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> <span class="wintitle"> Audience Manager </span> customers are now able to activate device-ID-based audiences in the same Adobe AdCloud destinations set up for cookie audiences. This enhancement facilitates an improved end-user experience by eliminating the need to manually map mobile audiences separately to an additional set of AdCloud destinations. </p> <p>Keep in mind that Addressable Audiences only display the overlap between cookie IDs and destinations, which could lead to low apparent match rates. Find out more in <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/aam/addressable-audiences-match-rates.html" format="https" scope="external"> Causes of Low Match Rates for Addressable Audiences </a>. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

**Fixes, Enhancements, and Deprecations** 

* We improved the loading time in the UI when browsing traits for companies with thousands of traits. (AAM-34254)
* DCS API: We added a new error code: 198 - Requests from this country are blocked by partner. Read more in the [DCS API Reference](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/aam/dcs_error_codes.html).
* Fixed a bug on Internet Explorer 11, where customers couldn't create new Segment Test Groups in Audience Lab because the **[!UICONTROL  Next]** button was missing. (AAM-34503)
* Fixed a bug where recency and frequency settings were ignored when no recency was defined. (AAM-34115)
* Fixed a bug where a wrong error message would be displayed if a customer tried to map a segment with no integration code to a multi-key auto-fill destination. The second mapping value would be disabled and prevent the user from mapping the segment. (AAM-33765)
* Fixed an issue with error sampling for data sources. Although users would click the error sampling checkbox, error sampling wouldn't work because of and incorrect API request the UI was sending. (AAM-34516)

## [!DNL Target]

Refer to the [Adobe Target Release Notes](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/target/rn/) for the latest release information about the following products: 

* [!DNL Target] Standard and Premium
* [!DNL Target] Classic
* [!DNL Recommendations] Classic

## [!DNL Primetime]

Adobe [!DNL Primetime] is a multiscreen TV platform that helps media companies create and monetize engaging, personalized viewing experiences. 

[Primetime Release Notes](https://help.adobe.com/en_US/primetime/release_notes/index.html) 

[Primetime Help Home](https://help.adobe.com/en_US/primetime/) 

## [!DNL Campaign]

[!DNL  Adobe Campaign] provides an intuitive, automated way to deliver one-to-one messages across online and offline marketing channels. You can now anticipate what your clients want using experiences determined by their habits and preferences. 

<table id="table_D006FF96470E414986BBA6A8B8A87C3E"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Feature </th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Subscription - subscribe or unsubscribe a list of profiles to multiple services </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>The <b>Subscription Services</b> workflow activity now allows you to subscribe or unsubscribe a list of profiles to multiple services. </p> <p>In your workflow, import a file containing the profiles, and for each profile, the operation type and the service. The <b>Subscription Services</b> activity will be able to use this information and handle dynamically all your profiles subscriptions and unsubscriptions at once. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> Enrichment activity - enrich data based on previous transitions </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> The new <b>Enrichment</b> workflow activity allows you to leverage the inbound transitions and complete the output transition with additional data. If you target profiles, the enrichment activity allows you to enrich the profiles information with additional data that is not stored in the database (coming from an imported file, for example). </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

For product documentation, see: 

* [Adobe Campaign Classic Release Notes](https://docs.campaign.adobe.com/doc/AC/en/RN.html)
* [Adobe Campaign Classic Documentation](https://helpx.adobe.com/support/campaign/classic.html)
* [Adobe Campaign Standard Documentation](https://helpx.adobe.com/support/campaign/standard.html)

## [!DNL Experience Manager] 

### AEM release notes {#section_8CD42C5750254AA88D6ACA7DBFA0D9A1}

Adobe recommends customers with on-premise deployments to deploy the latest patches to ensure higher stability, security, and performance. 

<table id="table_F4E7F10923004BF1AD49BACE86D4982E"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry"></th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Title </th> 
   <th colname="col3" class="entry"> Description </th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1" morerows="1"> <p> <b>Product maintenance</b> </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> AEM 6.1 Service Pack 2-Cumulative Fix Pack 14 </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>AEM 6.1 SP2-CFP14 (6.1.2.14), released February 1, 2018, is an important update that includes key customer fixes released since the general availability of AEM 6.1 SP2, August 2016. </p> <p> 
     <ul id="ul_E16CD516D79E453EB81C356398E94021"> 
      <li id="li_86CCED07E136459EBFE206638E164575"> <a href="https://helpx.adobe.com/experience-manager/release-notes--aem-6-1-cumulative-fix-pack-.html" format="https" scope="external"> Release notes </a> </li> 
      <li id="li_1A2FEC6BC05B4F27BF9CC11F914B8524"> <a href="https://helpx.adobe.com/aem-forms/kb/aem-forms-releases.html" format="https" scope="external"> AEM Forms CFP releases </a> </li> 
     </ul> </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> AEM 6.2 Service Pack 1-Cumulative Fix Pack 12 </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>AEM 6.2 SP1-CFP12 (6.2.1.12), released February 13, 2018, is an important update that includes key customer fixes released since the general availability of AEM 6.2 SP1, December 2016. </p> <p> 
     <ul id="ul_C31EAB4DC0AB4289B5C2B5B08CBFEE84"> 
      <li id="li_FAB79C952F834891A22C1185C399C6D4"> <a href="https://helpx.adobe.com/experience-manager/release-notes--aem-6-2-cumulative-fix-pack.html" format="https" scope="external"> Release notes </a> </li> 
      <li id="li_81055178B5F448AAB30CB44E67001317"> <a href="https://helpx.adobe.com/aem-forms/kb/aem-forms-releases.html" format="https" scope="external"> AEM Forms CFP releases </a> </li> 
     </ul> </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1" morerows="1"> <p> <b>Self-Help</b> </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Query Builder Reference </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>The <a href="https://helpx.adobe.com/experience-manager/6-3/sites/developing/using/querybuilder-predicate-reference.html" format="https" scope="external"> AEM Query Builder Reference </a> documentation is now available. The documentation covers all the built-in product predicates. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Core Components Release 2.0 </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> Release 2.0.0 of the <a href="https://helpx.adobe.com/experience-manager/core-components/user-guide.html" format="https" scope="external"> Core Components User Guide </a> is now available, introducing version 2 of the existing components along with new components including Navigation, Language Navigation, and Quick Search components. </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1" morerows="2"> <p> <b>Community</b> </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Adobe IMMERSE'18 </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>Adobe IMMERSE'18 occurs June 12-14, 2018 in IST, BST, and PDT with 8 sessions each day. </p> <p>The Call for Presentations deadline has been extended to Monday, February 5, 2018, end-of-day. 
     <ul id="ul_F57E78C4746D42AD98330498F3A01DA0"> 
      <li id="li_01D4D267E35148068613B42FB25BD31E"> <a href="https://immerse18.adobe-devs.adobeevents.com/speaker-application/" format="https" scope="external"> Call for Presentations information and submission form </a></li> 
      <li id="li_0C5DC69C4E314D4FA98D0309ADB1FE5E"> <a href="https://immerse18.adobe-devs.adobeevents.com/" format="https" scope="external"> Register here </a></li> 
     </ul></p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>AEM GEM Session </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>Wednesday, February 7, 2018, 8:00-9:00 a.m. PST </p> <p>Join Matt Ryan, Senior Software Engineer at Adobe, who will share results of <i>Experiments in AEM Author Scalability</i>. </p> <p>Register for the session <a href="https://helpx.adobe.com/experience-manager/kt/eseminars/gems/aem-author-scalability.html?cq_ck=1516987340995" format="https" scope="external"> here </a>. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>On-demand sessions </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>You can now find all webinars for enterprise developers on the AEM HelpX Forum. Please bookmark the following links: </p> <p> 
     <ul id="ul_10C986E4FC2F417C9AEA1DA6E0E4CA91"> 
      <li id="li_160E27307F16409EBA28EA2255E41715"> <a href="https://helpx.adobe.com/experience-manager/kt/eseminars/gems/aem-index.html" format="https" scope="external"> AEM GEMs </a> for the latest innovations and best practices for the latest release of AEM. </li> 
      <li id="li_82D67EBD4DF74A86A14E97BE98BBB558"> <a href="https://helpx.adobe.com/experience-manager/kt/eseminars/ask-the-expert/atace-index.html" format="https" scope="external"> Ask the AEM Community Expert </a> dives deeper into topics that are discussed in the HelpX Forum. </li> 
      <li id="li_BF54BEF7E269407A982CD7E1CFE6DCC0">Our <a href="https://helpx.adobe.com/experience-manager/kt/eseminars/ccoo-index.html" format="https" scope="external"> Adobe Customer Care Office Hours </a>; Adobe experts share best practices from their experiences with customer implementations around the globe. </li> 
     </ul> </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

### Additional AEM resources {#section_B1FAFE0975E74070812BC036D994FBE3}

* [AEM 6.3 Learn &amp; Support Home](https://helpx.adobe.com/support/experience-manager/6-3.html)
* [AEM 6.2 Learn &amp; Support Home](https://helpx.adobe.com/support/experience-manager/6-2.html)
* [AEM 6.1 Documentation Home](https://docs.adobe.com/docs/en/aem/6-1.html)
* [Older versions of AEM documentation](https://helpx.adobe.com/experience-manager/aem-previous-versions.html)
* [Scene7 Publishing System Release Notes](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/s7/release_notes/index.html)
* [Livefyre release notes](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/livefyre/)

## [!DNL Advertising Cloud]

More details are available in the product by clicking the help icon:  **[!UICONTROL  ?]** > **[!UICONTROL  Help Contents]** . 
