---
description: New features and fixes in the Adobe Experience Cloud.
seo-description: New features and fixes in the Adobe Experience Cloud.
seo-title: Release Notes - July 2018
solution: Release Notes,Marketing Cloud,Analytics,Social,Target,Media Optimizer
title: Release Notes - July 2018
topic: Release notes
uuid: e6499f25-4f8e-42df-af60-e8691864d5eb
index: n
internal: n
snippet: y
translate: y
---

# Release Notes - July 2018

>[!NOTE]
>
>Subscribe to the [Adobe Priority Product Update](https://www.adobe.com/subscription/priority-product-update.html) to be notified via email about upcoming releases. You will receive the notice three to five business days in advance of the release. New information published after the release will be marked with the publication date. 

## [!DNL Experience Cloud] and [!UICONTROL Core Services]

New features and fixes in the Adobe Experience Cloud and core services. Includes Mobile Services, Launch, by Adobe, Dynamic Tag Management, GDPR API, and Experience Cloud ID Service.

### [!DNL Experience Cloud] Interface {#experience_cloud_interface}

New features and fixes in the [!DNL  Adobe Experience Cloud] interface, including Assets, Feed, Notifications, and the People core service. 

* Deployed a back-end capability to control asset sharing between Marketing Cloud-to-AEM and Marketing Cloud-to-Creative Cloud. (CORE-14386)
* Fixed an issue that blocked provisioning of new tenants on some environments. (CORE-15509)
* Fixed an issue that redirected users to [!DNL  marketing.adobe.com] while accessing [!DNL  experiencecloud.adobe.com] via [!DNL  http] instead of [!DNL  https] (secured). (CORE-15587)
* Fixed an issue that blocked notifications for some new tenants. (CORE-15240)

See [Experience Cloud Product Documentation](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mcloud/) for product help. 

### [!DNL Experience Cloud] ID Service {#mcvid}

**(Updated July 26, 2018)** 

Improvements and fixes for the Experience Cloud ID service. 

* Fixed an issue whereby the [AMCV cookie](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mcvid/mcvid_cookies.html) was not being set in iFrames. (CORE-14119)
* Fixed an issue with validating `setCustomerIDs` when data contains an integration `code` or `id` that is neither a number nor a non-empty string. (CORE-13377)
* ECID JS is now available in Public Git repo for all Experience Cloud customers. [https://github.com/Adobe-Marketing-Cloud/id-service/releases](https://github.com/Adobe-Marketing-Cloud/id-service/releases)

For cumulative release notes, see [Experience Cloud ID Service Release Notes](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mcvid/mcvid-release-notes.html). 

See [Experience Cloud ID Services](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mcvid/) product documentation. 

### Launch, by Adobe {#launch}

Launch release notes are updated regularly at [https://docs.adobelaunch.com/getting-started/release-notes](https://docs.adobelaunch.com/getting-started/release-notes). 

* [Analytics - New Features](../../c-legacy-releases/2018/07192018.md#features_analytics)
* [Analytics - Fixes and Updates](../../c-legacy-releases/2018/07192018.md#analytics-interface)
* [Important Notices for Analytic Administrators](../../c-legacy-releases/2018/07192018.md#analytics_notices)

## Analytics

### New Features in Adobe Analytics {#features_analytics}

Enhancements and new features released in Adobe Analytics. 

<!-- <p>Include only new features for interfaces and reporting tools </p> -->

<table id="table_91D1FD20C4C1411292252364328677AF"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col01" class="entry"> Product </th> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Feature Name </th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td> <p> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/analytics/analysis-workspace/attribution.html" format="html" scope="external"> Attribution IQ </a> </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Attribution IQ lets you perform more sophisticated and intelligent analysis on marketing performance. New attribution models can be used on metrics in Analysis Workspace (on any table or on any breakdown) and in calculated metrics. A new Attribution Panel allows for better visualization and comparison. </p> <p>Attribution IQ is available for all customers on the Ultimate, Prime, Select, and Foundation SKUs. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td> <p> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/analytics/servercall/" format="https" scope="external"> Server Call Usage </a> </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Server Call Usage features a dashboard for visibility into your server call consumption and commitment data, including mobile consumption, vis-a-vis your contractual server call usage limit. </p> <p>As of August 10, 2018, you will be able to set up alerts to be notified of the risk or occurrence of an overage and prepared for the possibility of incurring overages. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td> <p>Analysis Workspace </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col01"> </td> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Improvements to the Left Rail </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Made improvements to the left rail to make it more intuitive and easy to use: 
     <ul id="ul_46AE5D50AAC84F298E00A81BCC5E2C22"> 
      <li id="li_C008EE120E9E4A40945E1DCBF92A2459">Brought the create function for components (metrics, segments, dates) inline with the headers. </li> 
      <li id="li_279F2874AE6340F2A59AEE151EA8C684">Added "+ See All" to the bottom of each section list to make it apparent that there are more than 5 options. </li> 
      <li id="li_9D399F7DE1D84F33BB6EC0A97511A1C5">Surfaced actions (like tag, favorite) with icons when components are selected. </li> 
      <li id="li_88B5A3E8C1E7499DB711AB955C001688">Made aesthetic improvements to the user interface. </li> 
     </ul> </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col01"> </td> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Totals for Calculated Metrics </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>When possible, we now display totals for calculated metrics, including for percentages.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col01"> </td> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>New date range preset </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Added 'Last 13 full weeks' to the date range presets in Analysis Workspace. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td> <p>Other Adobe Analytics Tools and Components </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col01"> </td> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Admin </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>We added a new permission for enabling/disabling Experience Cloud segment sharing. You can now take away access to Experience Cloud segment sharing from the <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/analytics/segment/seg_build.html" format="html" scope="external"> Analytics Segment Builder </a>. The permission is called Segment Publishing. It is enabled by default. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col01"> </td> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/reference/vrs-report-time-processing.html" format="html" scope="external"> Virtual Report Suites </a> </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> We added new granularity options to the visit timeout selection. Previously, you could choose 1-1440 (24 hour) minutes. You now also have the option to choose among hourly, daily, and weekly granularity. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col01"> </td> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/analytics/activitymap/activitymap-overlay-settings.html" format="html" scope="external"> Activity Map </a> </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>You can now substitute the selected report suite (corresponding to one of the tags on the page) by another report suite. This new report suite does not need to be linked to a tag on the page. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>


### [!DNL Analytics] - Fixes and Updates {#analytics-interface}

Fixes and minor updates applied to Adobe Analytics interface tools and components (Analysis Workspace, Reports &amp; Analytics, Report Builder, and so on). 

<table id="table_A51B298EEEB5482383505B8C5A79E1B9"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Product </th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Fix or Update </th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Analysis Workspace </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> 
     <ul id="ul_A50A05631E574C83AD7075579B14ACF1"> 
      <li id="li_227327CC9233438688BF7F593027C1DE"> Fixed an issue with Workspace projects not loading that were built using deleted Virtual Report Suites. We now display the "Incompatible Report Suite” dialog and allow users to select a valid report suite. (AN-163380) </li> 
      <li id="li_FFDC4AAB79444BA2B4771CD563701B7F">Fallout: Fixed an issue that occurred when dropping another component into a fallout funnel; in certain cases, the AND/OR logic was applied incorrectly. (AN-163140) </li> 
      <li id="li_D3634D8213EF469693A460D0084B8D32">Fixed an issue that prevented users in certain situations from locking specific values for breakdowns, in association with line visualizations. (AN-162938) </li> 
      <li id="li_3FE9EA9128E24203B011104404FEA5F8">Fixed an issue that prevented projects/reports from loading due to a large number of report suites. (AN-162378) </li> 
     </ul> </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Other Analytics Tools and Components </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> 
     <ul id="ul_666BB742E5BE4CC9BE95E697DA5DBB67"> 
      <li id="li_ED686B21894E4309841C7E322BB35843"><b> Calculated metrics</b>: Fixed an issue that caused Calculated metrics containing legacy segments to show the segments as “unknown.” (AN-157883) </li> 
      <li id="li_093C907EEFFF48BA99E60483B66D008B"><b>Calculated metrics</b>: Fixed an issue that caused calculated metrics to show no data when switching to a different report suite that was not compatible with this metric. Now, when you switch report suites we point out incompatible metrics so that you can understand why the metric isn't compatible for that report suite. (AN-157721) </li> 
      <li id="li_51BF64BDD38F43B9A7D03BAD7B2AB00C"><b>Segmentation</b>: Fixed an issue that showed deleted users as “unknown” users in the Segment UI. This prevented users from saving/saving as/copying the calculated metric. (AN-161309) </li> 
      <li id="li_F179472854254B4EB5AA9ABCD0298576"> <b>Segmentation</b>: Fixed an issue that prevented users who didn't have access to the Page dimension from using the “within” option for sequential segments. (AN-163514) </li> 
      <li id="li_EA7CB08974C644DD9C8E4C0A749A0C2A"><b>Localization:</b> Fixed an issue where eVar expiration options were listed in English in non-English UI. (AN-161056) </li> 
      <li id="li_A60F7C0BC7164A0FAAFF39C24039369E"><b>Admin</b>: Fixed an issue that prevented the downloading of report suite details for multiple report suites at once. (AN-162884) </li> 
      <li id="li_56C28AB6368A400DB67070C900154B88">Fixed an issue that caused the Clickmap option to show in the menu, even though access to Clickmap was disabled for all report suites. (AN-162506) </li> 
     </ul> </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Data Workbench </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>See <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/insight/whatsnew/" format="https" scope="external"> Data Workbench Release Notes</a>. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

### Important Notices for Analytics Administrators {#analytics_notices}

>[!IMPORTANT]
>
>Review the following table for important Analytics notices that may affect data collection, processing, APIs, product end-of-life, and so on.


<table id="table_E08D11345DD64677B46629651A0FFDBF"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Notice </th> 
   <th colname="col02" class="entry"> Date Added or Updated </th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>End of Support for TLS 1.0 </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col02"> <p>July 18, 2018 </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> 
    <ul id="ul_AB20C538470D490298CEEEC586E78DFE"> 
     <li id="li_4B1B15B5CD4E48408AD180A868E4FDCF">To minimize customer impact, we are delaying Adobe Analytics Reporting’s end of support for TLS 1.0 encryption. Starting September 13, 2018, <b>Adobe Analytics Reporting</b> will no longer support TLS (Transport Layer Security) 1.0 encryption. This change is part of our ongoing efforts to maintain the highest security standards and promote the safety of customer data. Because the Analytics reporting interface already requires a modern web browser, we do not anticipate issues. If you are unable to connect to Adobe Analytics reporting after September 13, you should upgrade your browser <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/sc/user/requirements.html" format="html" scope="external"> to the latest version </a>. </li> 
     <li id="li_2D362B576BB44F7AB607BAC83E82FDF1">Starting September 13, 2018,<b> Adobe Analytics Reporting API</b> will no longer support TLS 1.0 encryption. Customers who access the API should verify that they will not be impacted. 
      <ul id="ul_7AF48F929BEB452B86B9FD1ED384417F"> 
       <li id="li_1FDA77D1F1674330993108E177BA98BE">API clients using Java 7 with default settings will need <a href="https://www.java.com/en/configure_crypto.html" format="html" scope="external"> modifications to support TLS 1.2 </a>. (Refer to “Changing default TLS protocol version for client end points: TLS 1.0 to TLS 1.2”.) </li> 
       <li id="li_F949D2E426464752A115492480CA5AEC">API clients using Java 8 should not be impacted because the default setting is TLS 1.2. </li> 
       <li id="li_6A422113BF774C07BE856B923B1933F6">API clients using other frameworks will need to contact their vendors for details on TLS 1.2 support. </li> 
      </ul> </li> 
     <li id="li_7644CA61FB6248EBB094E4DC0BCEFE57">Starting September 13, 2018, <b>Adobe Analytics Data Collection</b> will no longer support TLS 1.0. With this change, we will no longer collect Analytics data from end users with older devices or web browsers that do not support TLS 1.1 or later. <p><b>Note:</b> If your web site does not support TLS 1.0, you will not be impacted by the collection change. </p> </li> 
    </ul> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Update Adobe Report Builder due to end of support for TLS 1.0 </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col02"> <p>July 17, 2018 </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Due to the end of support for TLS 1.0, we recommended that Adobe Report Builder (ARB) users download ARB v5.6.21 prior to September 13, 2018. <b>After that date, prior versions of ARB will no longer function</b>. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>New help for the Analytics user migration </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col02"> <p>May 10, 2018 </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>We updated the Analytics user ID migration help with information about migrating Enterprise and Federated IDs to the Admin Console.</p> <p>See <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/experience-cloud/admin-console/analytics-migration/migrate-enterprise.html" format="html" scope="external"> Migrate Analytics user accounts for Enterprise and Federated IDs </a>. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Upcoming removal of Account Activity Report </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col02"> <p>May 10, 2018 </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>The Account Activity Report will be replaced by the Server Call Usage feature in the Adobe Analytics Summer Release. The Account Activity Report will be permanently removed on August 9, 2018. To view summary data about report suite traffic after August 9, 2018, use the Server Call Usage feature. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Changes to linear allocation models in Calculated Metrics </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col02"> <p>May 10, 2018 </p> <p>Effective <b>July 19, 2018</b> </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>On July 19th, Adobe Analytics will revise the way allocation models in calculated metrics are evaluated. As part of this change, calculated metrics that use a non-default allocation model will be migrated to new and improved attribution models. </p> <p><b>Marketing Channel Last Touch</b> and <b>Marketing Channel First Touch</b> allocation models will be migrated to new <b>Last Touch</b> and <b>First Touch</b> attribution models respectively. (Marketing Channels are not being deprecated, only the two allocation models that appear in calculated metrics). </p> <p>Additionally, we will correct the way linear allocation is calculated. If you use calculated metrics with linear allocation models, the reports may change slightly to reflect the new, corrected attribution model. </p> <p>This change to calculated metrics will be reflected in Analysis Workspace, Reports &amp; Analytics, the Reporting API, Report Builder, and Ad Hoc Analysis. </p> <p>See the <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/analytics/calcmetrics/m_metric_type_alloc.html" format="html" scope="external"> Calculated Metrics documentation </a> for more information about this change. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Ad Hoc Analysis </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col02"> <p>April 12, 2018 </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>As of July 2018, Ad Hoc Analysis will support only Java 8 or higher. Due to security fixes not supported in older versions of Java, we will reject connections from Java 7 and will no longer provide access to versions that run on Java 7. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Anomaly Detection and Contribution Analysis functionality removed from Reports &amp; Analytics </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col02"> <p>April 10, 2018 </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Anomaly Detection and Contribution Analysis have been removed from the Reports &amp; Analytics feature set and are now available only via <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/analytics/analysis-workspace/virtual-analyst.html" format="html" scope="external"> Analysis Workspace </a>. </p> <p>Adobe Analytics Select and Foundation customers have access only to “daily-granularity” <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/analytics/analysis-workspace/anomaly_detection.html" format="html" scope="external"> Anomaly Detection </a> in Workspace. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Ad Hoc Analysis: Changes to JNLP file </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col02"> <p>May 8, 2018 </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Changes were made to the Ad Hoc Analysis JNLP file that require you to download a new version of this file with the May Maintenance Release. Failure to do so will result in a Java error when starting Ad Hoc Analysis, and will prevent you from launching the application. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Adobe no longer issuing 3rd-party <span class="filepath"> s_vi </span> cookies for Safari </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col02"> <p>April 05, 2018 </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> On March 20, 2018, Adobe stopped issuing third-party <span class="filepath"> s_vi </span> cookies for the Safari browser. This change does not impact customers using first-party data collection cookies. This change also removes the visit and visitor inflation experienced by some customers, resulting from Safari ITP. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Update Report Builder before you migrate user IDs to the Admin Console </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col02"> <p>March 17, 2018 </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> 
   >[!IMPORTANT]
   >Update your installation of <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/arb/t_install_arb.html" format="html" scope="external"> Report Builder </a> to the latest version. This update is a pre-requisite for running the Analytics user ID migration to the Admin Console, beginning in April 2018. </p> </p> <p>See <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/experience-cloud/admin-console/analytics-migration/" format="https" scope="external"> Analytics User Migration to the Admin Console </a> for migration information.
   </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Back-end changes that affect reporting </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col02"> <p>April 11, 2018 </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>A change to the (back-end) lookup mechanism is going to impact reporting in several ways. Please be aware that these changes went into effect around the <b>end of February, 2018</b>: </p> 
    <ul id="ul_7515E2E79FD94B8F8DFF4C2DBB9E6A84"> 
     <li id="li_F37C29245E064716AE2F3AC9C20A77BC"> Page renaming will no longer be allowed. Going forward, you will need to use <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/reference/classifications.html" format="html" scope="external"> classifications </a> to rename pages. Until the May 10, 2018 release, the system will continue to process the renamed pages as they are currently configured. Adobe is asking all customers to migrate to classifications by that date. After the May release, existing renames will no longer be honored and can change, retroactively, without notice. </li> 
     <li id="li_14CAB45EC2F2490BB6C8A912C66BB77C"> The URL replacement methodology is different. Previously, Adobe Analytics would store (mostly) the first URL associated with each page name each month. Going forward, we will store the most recent URL for each page name. </li> 
     <li id="li_E46207F194134AEA86F5CB2C8F26C76C">(<b>Updated April 11, 2018</b>) Category reports for roll-ups and current data in Reports &amp; Analytics are no longer provided. Deprecating category roll-up reports in the Web Service API is effective with the May 10, 2018, Adobe Analytics maintenance release. </li> 
     <li id="li_C699A0328CFD4AC4839C481710FE29AA"> There is no longer any support for page/prop data from before approximately January 2007 (in some cases, 2006). This only impacts pages, props and page events (i.e. custom links, exit links, download links). <p>Note:  This change does not impact reporting in Analysis Workspace or Data Warehouse. </p> <p>If you have data preceding these dates, expect the following: </p> 
      <ul id="ul_7CC6A7455BAF4ADCB7A626F2BB8A45B6"> 
       <li id="li_07D957DE7D6D4458AEA8B30910A8E8F9">Data will not combine correctly across the pre/post January 2007 boundary. </li> 
       <li id="li_96D1DF439E2842AE9E2FCF951ADFA9FB">Searches will not work against data before approximately Jan. 2007. </li> 
      </ul> </li> 
    </ul> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Upcoming support changes for Date-Enabled and Numeric Classifications </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col02"> <p>May 7, 2018 </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>In the May 10, 2018 Maintenance release, we will begin limiting the functionality of date-enabled and numeric classifications. These classification types will be removed from the <span class="uicontrol"> Admin </span> and <span class="uicontrol"> Classification Importer </span> interfaces. </p> <p>From that date on, no new date-enabled and numeric classifications can be added. Existing classifications can still be managed (uploaded to, deleted) through the standard classification workflow, and will continue to be available in reporting. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Upcoming support changes for Marketing Channel Cost and Budget </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col02"> <p>February 28, 2018 </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>In the April maintenance release, we will remove Marketing Channel Cost and Budget from the <span class="uicontrol"> Admin </span> &gt; <span class="uicontrol"> Marketing Channel </span> menu. No new cost and budget data can be added. Existing cost and budget data will continue to be available in reporting, but cannot be updated. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Code Manager - Legacy H Code </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col02"> <p>February 8, 2018 </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Downloading legacy JavaScript (H code) from the Code Manager is no longer supported. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Data retention: Check and set your data retention policy for Adobe Analytics </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col02"> <p>February 1, 2018 </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p><b>Background</b> </p> <p>The European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), which applies as from May 25, 2018, provides that Adobe, in its role as your data processor, must take appropriate measures to assist its customers in fulfilling access, deletion, and other requests from individuals. Applying appropriate, secure, and timely deletion policies is an important part of complying with this obligation. As a result, Adobe would like to work with you to implement a data retention policy before GDPR takes effect on May 25, 2018. </p> <p><b>What to expect</b> </p> <p>Unless you already have an Adobe Analytics data retention policy in place, Adobe will begin applying data retention as currently specified in customer contracts for Adobe Analytics, unless other arrangements are made. </p> <p>Most Adobe Analytics contracts state that Adobe may delete data after 25 months. Once a data retention policy is in place for your organization, it is enforced on a rolling monthly basis. Data retention for longer periods than 25 months is available for an additional fee. Data retention periods for shorter periods can also be configured by contacting Customer Care. </p> <p> You will soon receive an email with additional details for your organization. </p> <p>Data retention impacts all methods for accessing historical Adobe Analytics data, including but not limited to Reports &amp; Analytics, Analysis Workspace, Report Builder, the Web Services Reporting APIs, data warehouse, and data feeds. </p> <p><b>Next steps</b> </p> <p>Identify stakeholders within your organization responsible for making decisions about data retention. Your organization is best placed to know the appropriate period for which Adobe Analytics data should be retained. </p> <p>Contact your Adobe Customer Success Manager if you have questions regarding data retention for Adobe Analytics. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>User account linking </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col02"> <p>October 26, 2017 </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Analytics users no longer need to manually link their accounts between the Experience Cloud and Analytics. Users can contact their <a href="https://helpx.adobe.com/enterprise/help/aedash.html" format="html" scope="external"> Admin Console </a> administrator to request Analytics access. 
     <!--<xref href="https://jira.corp.adobe.com/browse/CORE-5526">https://jira.corp.adobe.com/browse/CORE-5526</xref>--> </p> <p>The Analytics user ID migration enables administrators to easily migrate user accounts from Analytics User Management to the Adobe Admin Console. After your users are migrated, they will have access to the purchased solutions and core services available in the Experience Cloud. </p> <p> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/experience-cloud/admin-console/analytics-migration/" format="https" scope="external"> Learn more about the Analytics User ID Migration </a>. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> Notice for API Methods affected by the migration to the Admin Console. </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col02"> <p>September 21, 2017 </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> Adobe will phase out the <span class="codeph"> Permissions </span> and <span class="codeph"> Company.GetLoginKey </span> API methods as part of our effort to migrate user access and management to the Admin Console. </p> <p> All Analytics companies that currently use these methods will receive a pre-migration notification beginning <b>March 31, 2018</b>. After receiving this notification, administrators will have 30 days before their migration starts, and these methods will cease to work for your company. </p> <p> To prepare for this event, view the list of affected APIs, and learn what Adobe recommends, see <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/developer/documentation/analytics-administration-1-4/admin-api" format="https" scope="external"> Analytics Administration API 1.4 </a>. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Calendar Events: Displaying top 20 most recent events </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col02"> <p>September 21, 2017 </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>To ensure optimal reporting performance, the 20 most recent calendar events will be displayed on trended and overtime graphs. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>geo_zip </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col02"> <p> August 23, 2017 </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> As of August 22, Adobe Analytics started determining <span class="codeph"> geo_zip </span> on all hits received during data collection. This update increases data accuracy, particularly for mobile devices. Previously, the <span class="codeph"> geo_zip </span> was set once per visit. Now, <span class="codeph"> geo_zip </span> can correctly change during a visitor's visit. The <span class="codeph"> geo_zip </span> field is not used in reporting, but surfaces in Data Feeds. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

## [!DNL Audience Manager]

<table id="table_A6749BA62D5B40479B949EA1C64E4B7F"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Feature </th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/aam/aor-publishers.html" format="https" scope="external"> Audience Optimization for Publishers </a> </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Audience Optimization for Publishers can help you identify potential performance opportunities for [!DNL Audience Manager] segments on your owned and operated content. These reports combine log-level campaign performance data with [!DNL Audience Manager] metrics to identify audience optimizations and monetization opportunities. </p> <p>These reports are not available by default. Contact your [!DNL Audience Manager] Consultant or Customer Care to get started. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/aam/import-dfp.html" format="https" scope="external"> Import DFP Data Files Into [!DNL Audience Manager] </a> </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Before [!DNL Audience Manager] can enable Audience Optimization for Publishers, you must ensure that all prerequisites outlined in this article are met. Contact Customer Care after checking off all prerequisites. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

**Fixes, Enhancements, and Deprecations** 

* Fixed a bug in the Create Trait workflow, where customers were unable to return from Code View to the Expression Builder. (AAM-34121) 

## [!DNL Target]

Refer to the [Adobe Target Release Notes](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/target/rn/) for the latest release information about the following products: 

* [!DNL Target] Standard and Premium
* [!DNL Recommendations] Classic

## Primetime

Adobe Primetime is a multiscreen TV platform that helps media companies create and monetize engaging, personalized viewing experiences. 

[Primetime Release Notes](https://help.adobe.com/en_US/primetime/release_notes/index.html) 

[Primetime Help Home](https://help.adobe.com/en_US/primetime/) 

## Campaign

[!DNL  Adobe Campaign] provides an intuitive, automated way to deliver one-to-one messages across online and offline marketing channels. You can now anticipate what your clients want using experiences determined by their habits and preferences. 

<table id="table_AA9696B804BA4A618A3C8BD86699DEF5"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Product </th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> <a href="https://docs.campaign.adobe.com/doc/AC/en/RN.html" format="html" scope="external"> Adobe Campaign Classic 18.6 </a> </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> 
     <ul id="ul_284A332E59CE4CF3B4F99436C5146EB2"> 
      <li id="li_1D163EA3CF094D99A1D2E2A1B0BA41FB">Security improvements </li> 
      <li id="li_4EED5C9E661A424BA6C826A0E3952310">Windows 2016 compatibility </li> 
     </ul> </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> <a href="https://helpx.adobe.com/campaign/standard/rn/using/release-notes.html" format="html" scope="external"> Adobe Campaign Standard 18.7 </a> </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> 
     <ul id="ul_2F016FD5F356411284F939EF7FBB1D45"> 
      <li id="li_E670D082B07E403183ADAF845108F227">New release notification for end-users </li> 
      <li id="li_C6D48587352B4C32B5A7ECD18A8F1607">Automated message content import from a URL </li> 
      <li id="li_E08901A304714D83ABD1B52270A5F1D6">New typology rules filter for Mobile App subscribers </li> 
      <li id="li_932DCC0B45724680BFDAB35890D226DC">High priority flag for Android Push notifications </li> 
     </ul> </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

For product documentation, see: 

* [Adobe Campaign Classic Release Notes](https://docs.campaign.adobe.com/doc/AC/en/RN.html)
* [Adobe Campaign Classic Learn &amp; Support](https://helpx.adobe.com/support/campaign/classic.html)
* [Adobe Campaign Standard Release Notes](https://helpx.adobe.com/campaign/standard/rn/rn.html)
* [Adobe Campaign Standard Learn &amp; Support](https://helpx.adobe.com/support/campaign/standard.html)

<!--To learn more about Adobe Campaign, enable yourself at [Adobe Digital Library](https://digitalu.adobe.com/content/Enablement/en.html). -->

## Experience Manager

### AEM release notes {#section_8CD42C5750254AA88D6ACA7DBFA0D9A1}

Adobe recommends customers with on-premise deployments to deploy the latest patches to ensure higher stability, security, and performance. 

<table id="table_F4E7F10923004BF1AD49BACE86D4982E"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry"> </th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Title </th> 
   <th colname="col3" class="entry"> Description </th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1" morerows="2"> <p><b>Product maintenance</b> </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>AEM 6.4 Service Pack 1 </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>AEM 6.4 SP1 (6.4.1.0), released June 29, 2018, is an important update that includes key customer fixes released since the general availability AEM 6.4, April 2018. </p> <p> 
     <ul id="ul_8BB889C1CF1C4A498EB80812800CFF16"> 
      <li id="li_0AD24EF0483A4306B67F74A69460B833"> <a href="https://helpx.adobe.com/experience-manager/6-4/release-notes/sp1-release-notes.html" format="https" scope="external"> Release Notes </a> </li> 
      <li id="li_C5DEB157C56F41CF9F723FE34EE48F63"> <a href="https://helpx.adobe.com/aem-forms/kb/aem-forms-releases.html" format="https" scope="external"> AEM Forms releases </a> </li> 
     </ul> </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>AEM 6.3 Service Pack 2-Cumulative Fix Pack 2 </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>AEM 6.3 SP2-CFP2 (6.3.2.2), released June 26, 2018, is an important update that includes key customer fixes released since the general availability AEM 6.3, April 2017. </p> <p> 
     <ul id="ul_714D05392FD7473190B52B04638AB140"> 
      <li id="li_B70704D073F8494EA4ECDB6526A2A318"> <a href="https://helpx.adobe.com/experience-manager/release-notes--aem-6-3-cumulative-fix-pack.html" format="https" scope="external"> Release Notes </a> </li> 
      <li id="li_C566D2937102490FB176A27AB6DAF8C9"> <a href="https://helpx.adobe.com/aem-forms/kb/aem-forms-releases.html" format="https" scope="external"> AEM Forms releases </a> </li> 
     </ul> </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>AEM 6.1 Service Pack 2-Cumulative Fix Pack 16 </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>AEM 6.1 SP2-CFP16 (6.1.2.16), released July 10, 2018, is an important update that includes key customer fixes released since the general availability of AEM 6.1, August 2016. </p> <p> 
     <ul id="ul_F08B93FE2EC94940AF9BBE88903CE428"> 
      <li id="li_2ABFA922270B47699789E92E88E1F43F"> <a href="https://helpx.adobe.com/experience-manager/release-notes--aem-6-1-cumulative-fix-pack-.html" format="https" scope="external"> Release Notes </a> </li> 
      <li id="li_9C58BA62D868435BBEFD48B3E94A60BF"> <a href="https://helpx.adobe.com/aem-forms/kb/aem-forms-releases.html" format="https" scope="external"> AEM Forms releases </a> </li> 
     </ul> </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1" morerows="4"> <p><b>Self-Help</b> </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>AEM Communities enablement </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>Discover our new AEM Communities enablement material at the following: <a href="https://helpx.adobe.com/experience-manager/tutorials.html" format="https" scope="external"> https://helpx.adobe.com/experience-manager/tutorials.html </a> </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Adobe Customer Care Office Hours </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>Watch best practices for tuning and troubleshooting AEM at the following: <a href="https://helpx.adobe.com/customer-care-office-hours.html#AdobeExperienceManager" format="https" scope="external"> https://helpx.adobe.com/customer-care-office-hours.html#AdobeExperienceManager </a> </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Touch UI feature parity </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>Check the AEM 6.4 feature parity between Touch UI and Classic UI at the following: <a href="https://helpx.adobe.com/experience-manager/6-4/release-notes/touch-ui-features-status.html" format="https" scope="external"> https://helpx.adobe.com/experience-manager/6-4/release-notes/touch-ui-features-status.html </a> </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>AEM performance tuning tips </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>See the latest recommendations for tuning AEM performance at the following: <a href="https://helpx.adobe.com/experience-manager/kb/performance-tuning-tips.html" format="https" scope="external"> https://helpx.adobe.com/experience-manager/kb/performance-tuning-tips.html </a> </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Integrating with Adobe Analytics </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p> Various updates were made to the "Integrating with Adobe Analytics" Help topics: </p> <p> 
     <ul id="ul_38CD6E9222054340B78F98BCF8130234"> 
      <li id="li_DFC20840226F4B55B4DFE64693CD375F"> <a href="https://helpx.adobe.com/experience-manager/6-4/sites/administering/using/adobeanalytics.html" format="https" scope="external"> Integrating with Adobe Analytics </a> (6.4) </li> 
      <li id="li_1253444386DE45A2BBFCF989133E6A52"> <a href="https://helpx.adobe.com/experience-manager/6-3/sites/administering/using/adobeanalytics.html" format="https" scope="external"> Integrating with Adobe Analytics </a> (6.3) </li> 
     </ul> </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>


### Additional AEM resources {#section_21C4B6A295E24D6FB14E1DE7A8C77E73}

* [AEM 6.4 Learn &amp; Support home](https://helpx.adobe.com/support/experience-manager/6-4.html)
* [AEM 6.3 Learn &amp; Support home](https://helpx.adobe.com/support/experience-manager/6-3.html)
* [AEM 6.2 Learn &amp; Support home](https://helpx.adobe.com/support/experience-manager/6-2.html)
* [Cloud Manager User Guide](https://helpx.adobe.com/experience-manager/cloud-manager/user-guide.html).
* [Older versions of AEM documentation](https://helpx.adobe.com/experience-manager/aem-previous-versions.html)
* [Scene7 Publishing System release notes](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/s7/release_notes/index.html)
* [Livefyre release notes](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/livefyre/)

<!-- <a id="section_B1FAFE0975E74070812BC036D994FBE3"></a> -->

## Advertising Cloud

Updated: July 30, 2018, for July 21 release 

<table id="table_A41D8C79DEE84AE59FE9C8D2D291FCD7"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Feature </th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Search Advanced Campaign Management </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>The Advanced view now includes a Propagations tab. Each time you propagate data through a template, a summary is added to the Propagations tab, indicating an estimate of each entity type that was or would be created, paused, or deleted based on the propagation options. The estimate doesn't take into account changes made from within the search engine's own ad editor. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Search Campaigns </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>You can now sync, optimize, and report on your existing Google responsive search ads (RSAs), which use a beta ad format that consist of three headlines and two 90-character descriptions that Google pulls dynamically from a larger subset of ad elements. The ad elements for each resulting expanded text ad are synced with the Creative Type ”RSA.” Support for setting up responsive ads is available only in AdWords Ads Manager. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>For oAuth-enabled accounts on Bing Ads, Google, Pinterest, and Yahoo Gemini, an optional "Password" field was added to the account settings. Enter a password when you want to encrypt and save the password so that the account manager can refresh tokens as needed. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>oAuth tokens for Bing Ads accounts are now refreshed every month. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>The Placements view now has two sub-views: Placements and Negatives. The Negatives sub-view allows you to create and delete campaign-level and ad group-level negative placements for the Google AdWords display network. The ability to edit negative placements will be available in a future release. You also can still manage negative placements in the campaign and ad group settings. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>You can now lock and unlock any column. Locking a column "locks" that column and all other columns to the left of it into one static pane, and all columns to the right into another pane through which you can scroll horizontally. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Legacy Labels </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Legacy labels will become read-only on 1 September (originally planned for 1 August). Performance data for labels will continue to be available in reports for longer. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

Advertising Cloud help is available in the product under the Help **[!UICONTROL  ?]** menu. 
