---
description: New features and fixes in the Adobe Experience Cloud.
seo-description: New features and fixes in the Adobe Experience Cloud.
seo-title: Release Notes - September 2018
solution: Release Notes,Marketing Cloud,Analytics,Social,Target,Media Optimizer
title: Release Notes - September 2018
topic: Release notes
uuid: 2a39ef00-ef7a-4a28-b10c-8ffbc22c9711
index: n
internal: n
snippet: y
---

# Release Notes - September 2018

New features and fixes in the Adobe Experience Cloud.

<!-- 

<p> 
 <note type="important">
   This page contains pre-release content and is subject to change prior to the 
  <b>September 13, 2018</b> release. 
 </note> </p>

 -->

>[!NOTE]
>
>Subscribe to the [Adobe Priority Product Update](https://www.adobe.com/subscription/priority-product-update.html) to be notified via email about upcoming releases. You will receive the notice three to five business days in advance of the release. New information published after the release will be marked with the publication date. 

**September 2018** 

* [Experience Cloud and Core Services](09132018.md#coreservices) 
* [Analytics](09132018.md#analytics) **(Updated Sept.12, 2018)**
* [Audience Manager](09132018.md#aam) 
* [Target](09132018.md#target) 
* [Campaign](09132018.md#campaign) 
* [Experience Manager](09132018.md#experiencemanager)  
* [Advertising Cloud](09132018.md#adcloud) **(October 2, 2018)** 
* [Primetime](09132018.md#primetime) 

Release notes for the Experience Cloud interface and core services. Includes Mobile Services, Launch, by Adobe, Dynamic Tag Management, GDPR API, and Experience Cloud ID Service. 

<!-- 

Abhishek Shukla is the contact for this section.

 -->

## [!DNL Experience Cloud] and [!UICONTROL Core Services] {#coreservices}

### [!DNL Experience Cloud] Interface {#experience_cloud_interface}

New features and fixes in the [!DNL Adobe Experience Cloud] interface, including Assets, Feed, Notifications, and the People core service. 

**Features** 

| Update | Description |
|--- |--- |
|New Experience Cloud product domain.|Between August 2018 and October 2018, you have the option to sign in at:  `experiencecloud.adobe.com`   In October, customers will be redirected automatically to the new domain.  Note: This new domain does not apply to product documentation URLs.|

See [Experience Cloud Product Documentation](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mcloud/) for product help. 

### Launch, by Adobe {#launch}

Launch release notes are updated regularly at [https://docs.adobelaunch.com/getting-started/release-notes](https://docs.adobelaunch.com/getting-started/release-notes). 

### Mobile Services {#mobile}

New features, updates, and fixes to Mobile Services. 

**Fixes** 

* Fixed an issue where the push notification content-available flag was always set to *`true`* when using the push test feature. 
* Updated Mobile Service-related URLs from [!DNL *.marketing.adobe.com] to [!DNL *.experiencecloud.adobe.com]. 

See [Adobe Mobile Services](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mobile/) for product documentation. To see the release notes for previous releases, expand *Previous Release Notes* in the left pane. 

### Experience Cloud Mobile SDKs {#section_FD57C8A6E37244E6B3E2AEB0222230A6}

| Feature | Description |
|--- |--- |
|arm64-32|We added support for new arm64_32 architecture in Apple Watch Series 4 devices.|
|iOS and Android (version 4.17.0)|Target - Added a new API to support reporting for users who click on a Target location.|

Release date: **September 2018** 

## Analytics

### New Features in Adobe Analytics {#features_analytics}

Enhancements and new features released in Adobe [!DNL Analytics]. 

<!-- 

<p>Include only new features for interfaces and reporting tools </p>

 -->

**Analysis Workspace**

[Panel Dropdowns](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/analytics/analysis-workspace/panels.html)

The panel drop zone now has drop-down capabilities. Drop-downs enable end users to interact with the data in a project in a controlled way. You can drop in multiple components (or dimension items), and then switch between them in a dropdown to filter the panel contents. You can also create multiple dropdowns on the same panel.

For example: Suppose you have several versions of a project/panel to provide country-specific reporting. You can now collapse those projects/panels into a single panel, and add in a country drop-down instead to filter between the two data sets.

[Color Palettes](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/analytics/analysis-workspace/color_palettes.html)

You can now change the color scheme used in Workspace, by choosing from a different color palette or specifying your own palette. This feature affects many things in Workspace, including most visualizations. It **does not** affect Summary Change, conditional formatting in Freeform tables, and the Map visualization.

Note: Color palette support is not enabled for Internet Explorer 11.

**New Workspace template: Audio Consumption**

See [Audio Analytics](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/sc/appmeasurement/hbvideo/media-workspace-templates.html).

**User Permissions**

*   Removed the _Create/Curate Projects in Analysis Workspace_ permission, which prevented some users from creating a new Workspace project (i.e., seeing the blue Create button) or curating components for projects.
*   Added a permission called _Save as Template_ that lets users save projects as templates in Workspace. This was previously bundled into the Create/Curate permission, so anyone with this permission will get the new _Save as Template_ permission.

**Advertising Analytics enhancement**

Introduced the [Auto Tracking Mode](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/analytics/advertising/aa_manual_vs_automatic_tracking.html) for automated tracking of search engine data by your Adobe Analytics implementation.

Server Call Usage enhancement

Added a new alert type _[Server Call](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/analytics/servercall/scu_alerts.html)_ , which offers proactive notifications when server call usage is approaching commitment levels.

**Adobe Analytics for Audio**

Connects a listener's streaming audio engagement with their full digital behavior. You can understand who's listening where, when, and how often, and evaluate user behavior in a commonly fragmented audio marketplace.

This feature enables businesses to measure the reach of their listeners, measure the popularity of their content, and provides insight into how to keep users engaged based on their behaviors and look alike modeling. Customers can build customizable dashboards to view audio streaming content delivery and performance, to see what's trending now, and to visualize their listeners' flow through the content in order to make quick and relevant personalized decisions.

Benefits:

*   Monitor audio content high and low performers to see what is trending, and to determine how to better create, distribute, personalize, and market audio content.
*   True Audience Ratings - Benchmark against historical and current data to measure reach; also layer on UV's and people metrics, listening engagement, and return listeners through cohort analysis.
*   Customer Journey Flow - Measure users across all listening devices, including cars, to understand listening experiences across devices, concurrent listeners by minute, and what content they're accessing next.
*   Monetize Delivery - Realize real-time, actionable insights and data anomalies to make informed business decisions: for example, on what content to program next; how to provide personalized listening experiences; when to prompt for subscription upgrades; and how to enable higher CPM rates for audio ads.
*   Advanced, Granular Measurement - Measure 10-second audio content and 1-second streaming ads with our best-in-class SDKs, to evaluate both quality of experience (stall, errors, time to start) and content plus ad KPIs.

**Downloaded Content Tracking API**

Provides support for tracking media content (video and audio) that is downloaded and played from a device regardless of connectivity to the web. This capability is built on top of the Media Collection API, and follows the same player tracking specification. There is no SDK support at this time.

**Analytics help resources**

*   [Analytics product documentation](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/reference/)
*   [Tutorials on Adobe.com](https://helpx.adobe.com/analytics/tutorials.html)
*   [YouTube videos](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL2tCx83mn7GuNnQdYGOtlyCu0V5mEZ8sS)

### [!DNL Analytics] - Fixes and Updates {#analytics-interface}

Fixes and minor updates applied to Adobe Analytics interface tools and components (Analysis Workspace, Reports & Analytics, Report Builder, and so on). 

<!-- 

<p>Include topics regarding Analytics > Components or Tools and interfaces. </p>

 -->

**Analysis Workspace**

*   Fixed various issues with scheduled projects failing to get delivered. (AN-167247, AN-167252)
*   Fixed an issue that prevented the sharing of projects with 2 users of the same name. (AN-166104)
*   Fixed issues with data changing when using the Lock Selected Item setting in a Freeform table, in some situations. (AN-165308)

**Other Analytics Issues**

*   Fixed an issue with the Breakdown option not being available in the Extract Data feature for some eVars. (AN-163730)
*   **Processing Rules**: Fixed an issue that occurred when disabling an eVar at the report-suite level. The disabled eVar no longer appeared in the drop-down and all references to that eVar in Processing Rules then defaulted to Page URL. From now on, if the eVar you are using in a rule is disabled, we will not take it out of the drop-down and sill not change the rule. (AN-164565)
*   **Admin Console**: Fixed an issue with Usage and Access logs not showing report download events. We now log these events. (AN-163937)
*   **Language Settings**: Fixed an issue that caused garbled text to appear. For some Japanese customers, if they went to the FTP configuration page, the page would turn blank when saved. (AN-156948)
*   **Segmentation**: Fixed an issue with segment sharing popup performance. (AN-166063)
*   **Reports & Analytics**: Fixed an issue with scheduled projects failing to get delivered after data migration. (AN-165800)
*   **Reports & Analytics**: Fixed an issue with displayed images in Scheduled Dashboards, in Outlook. (AN-165302)
*   **Reports & Analytics**: Fixed an issue that prevented the Bookmark Manager from displaying in the Japanese UI. (AN-156948, AN-147271)
*   **Reports & Analytics**: Fixed an issue that prevented users from using Create Segment From Fallout Path in the Fallout Report. (AN-166976)
*   **Report Builder**: Fixed an issue that occurred when using weekly granularity in a Report Builder request with calculated metrics - the same data was returned for all the line items for each metric. This same issue may have also occurred in the Web Services API and in Reports & Analytics Reporting. (AN-166754).

**Data Workbench**

See [Data Workbench Release Notes](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/insight/whatsnew/index.html) for cumulative release information.

## Analytics - Developer, Administration, Data Collection, and Implementation {#analytics-implement}

Fixes and updates applied to [!DNL Analytics] administration tools, including implementation and developer (Web Services and SDKs). 

<!-- Link to internal wiki and bad link
**AppMeasurement (Legacy and Mobile SDKs)**

[AppMeasurement Change Log](https://wiki.corp.adobe.com/display/omtrcache/AppMeasurement+Change+Log)

https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en\_US/sc/appmeasurement/release/index.html
-->

**AppMeasurement for JavaScript**

Releasing **September 20, 2018**

**JavaScript 2.10.0**

This release ensures that the AppMeasurement library submits cookies correctly for all connection types.

*   AppMeasurement blocks cookie transmissions during POST. (AN-165538)
*   Drop support for XDomainRequest. (AN-165733)
*   Reduce AppMeasurement default cookie lifetime from five to two years. (AN-158572)
*   Remove the Media Module from the Code Manager (AppMeasurement) (AN-166590)

**AppMeasurement for Other Platforms**

See [AppMeasurement Release History](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/sc/appmeasurement/release/index.html) for a release history of AppMeasurement on the following platforms:

*   JavaScript
*   iOS
*   Android
*   Flash-Flex
*   OSX
*   Windows Phone, XBOX, Silverlight, and.NET
*   BlackBerry
*   Java
*   PHP
*   Symbian

### Important Notices for Analytics Administrators {#analytics_notices}

>[!IMPORTANT]
>
>Review the following information for important Analytics notices that may affect data collection, processing, APIs, product end-of-life, and so on. 

**End of life for Ad Hoc Analysis**

August 9, 2018

On August 6, 2018, Adobe announced the intention to end-of-life Ad Hoc Analysis. An end-of-life date will be shared once available. For more information, visit [Discover Workspace](https://spark.adobe.com/page/S9Bhp66VJ2fEn/).

We will not modify Ad Hoc Analysis to support Java 9+ from this point forward. If you upgrade to Java 9+, Ad Hoc Analysis will cease to function. Only Java 8 will be supported.

**End of Support for TLS 1.0**

July 18, 2018

*   To minimize customer impact, we are delaying Adobe Analytics Reporting’s end of support for TLS 1.0 encryption. Starting September 13, 2018, **Adobe Analytics Reporting** will no longer support TLS (Transport Layer Security) 1.0 encryption. This change is part of our ongoing efforts to maintain the highest security standards and promote the safety of customer data. Because the Analytics reporting interface already requires a modern web browser, we do not anticipate issues. If you are unable to connect to Adobe Analytics reporting after September 13, you should upgrade your browser [to the latest version](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/sc/user/requirements.html).
*   Starting September 13, 2018, **Adobe Analytics Reporting API** will no longer support TLS 1.0 encryption. Customers who access the API should verify that they will not be impacted.
    *   API clients using Java 7 with default settings will need [modifications to support TLS 1.2](https://www.java.com/en/configure_crypto.html). (Refer to “Changing default TLS protocol version for client end points: TLS 1.0 to TLS 1.2”.)
    *   API clients using Java 8 should not be impacted because the default setting is TLS 1.2.
    *   API clients using other frameworks will need to contact their vendors for details on TLS 1.2 support.
*   Starting September 13, 2018, **Adobe Analytics Data Collection** will no longer support TLS 1.0. With this change, we will no longer collect Analytics data from end users with older devices or web browsers that do not support TLS 1.1 or later.
    
    **Note:** If your web site does not support TLS 1.0, you will not be impacted by the collection change.
    

**Update Adobe Report Builder due to end of support for TLS 1.0**

July 17, 2018

Due to the end of support for TLS 1.0, we recommended that Adobe Report Builder (ARB) users download ARB v5.6.21 prior to September 13, 2018. **After that date, prior versions of ARB will no longer function**.

New help for the Analytics user migration

May 10, 2018

We updated the Analytics user ID migration help with information about migrating Enterprise and Federated IDs to the Admin Console.

See [Migrate Analytics user accounts for Enterprise and Federated IDs](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/experience-cloud/admin-console/analytics-migration/migrate-enterprise.html).

**Upcoming removal of Account Activity Report**

May 10, 2018

The Account Activity Report will be replaced by the Server Call Usage feature in the Adobe Analytics Summer Release. The Account Activity Report will be permanently removed on August 9, 2018. To view summary data about report suite traffic after August 9, 2018, use the Server Call Usage feature.

**Changes to linear allocation models in Calculated Metrics**

May 10, 2018

Effective **July 19, 2018**

On July 19th, Adobe Analytics will revise the way allocation models in calculated metrics are evaluated. As part of this change, calculated metrics that use a non-default allocation model will be migrated to new and improved attribution models.

**Marketing Channel Last Touch** and **Marketing Channel First Touch** allocation models will be migrated to new **Last Touch** and **First Touch** attribution models respectively. (Marketing Channels are not being deprecated, only the two allocation models that appear in calculated metrics).

Additionally, we will correct the way linear allocation is calculated. If you use calculated metrics with linear allocation models, the reports may change slightly to reflect the new, corrected attribution model.

This change to calculated metrics will be reflected in Analysis Workspace, Reports & Analytics, the Reporting API, Report Builder, and Ad Hoc Analysis.

See the [Calculated Metrics documentation](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/analytics/calcmetrics/m_metric_type_alloc.html) for more information about this change.

**Anomaly Detection and Contribution Analysis functionality removed from Reports & Analytics**

April 10, 2018

Anomaly Detection and Contribution Analysis have been removed from the Reports & Analytics feature set and are now available only via [Analysis Workspace](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/analytics/analysis-workspace/virtual-analyst.html).

Adobe Analytics Select and Foundation customers have access only to “daily-granularity” [Anomaly Detection](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/analytics/analysis-workspace/anomaly_detection.html) in Workspace.

Adobe no longer issuing 3rd-party s\_vi cookies for Safari

April 05, 2018

On March 20, 2018, Adobe stopped issuing third-party s\_vi cookies for the Safari browser. This change does not impact customers using first-party data collection cookies. This change also removes the visit and visitor inflation experienced by some customers, resulting from Safari ITP.

Update Report Builder before you migrate user IDs to the Admin Console

March 17, 2018

>[!IMPORTANT]
>
> Update your installation of [Report Builder](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/arb/t_install_arb.html) to the latest version. This update is a pre-requisite for running the Analytics user ID migration to the Admin Console, beginning in April 2018.

See [Analytics User Migration to the Admin Console](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/experience-cloud/admin-console/analytics-migration/) for migration information.

**Back-end changes that affect reporting**

April 11, 2018

A change to the (back-end) lookup mechanism is going to impact reporting in several ways. Please be aware that these changes went into effect around the **end of February, 2018**:

*   Page renaming will no longer be allowed. Going forward, you will need to use [classifications](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/reference/classifications.html) to rename pages. Until the May 10, 2018 release, the system will continue to process the renamed pages as they are currently configured. Adobe is asking all customers to migrate to classifications by that date. After the May release, existing renames will no longer be honored and can change, retroactively, without notice.
*   The URL replacement methodology is different. Previously, Adobe Analytics would store (mostly) the first URL associated with each page name each month. Going forward, we will store the most recent URL for each page name.
*   (**Updated April 11, 2018**) Category reports for roll-ups and current data in Reports & Analytics are no longer provided. Deprecating category roll-up reports in the Web Service API is effective with the May 10, 2018, Adobe Analytics maintenance release.
*   There is no longer any support for page/prop data from before approximately January 2007 (in some cases, 2006). This only impacts pages, props and page events (i.e. custom links, exit links, download links).
    
    Note: This change does not impact reporting in Analysis Workspace or Data Warehouse.
    
    If you have data preceding these dates, expect the following:
    
    *   Data will not combine correctly across the pre/post January 2007 boundary.
    *   Searches will not work against data before approximately Jan. 2007.

**Upcoming support changes for Date-Enabled and Numeric Classifications**

May 7, 2018

In the May 10, 2018 Maintenance release, we will begin limiting the functionality of date-enabled and numeric classifications. These classification types will be removed from the Admin and Classification Importer interfaces.

From that date on, no new date-enabled and numeric classifications can be added. Existing classifications can still be managed (uploaded to, deleted) through the standard classification workflow, and will continue to be available in reporting.

**Upcoming support changes for Marketing Channel Cost and Budget**

February 28, 2018

In the April maintenance release, we will remove Marketing Channel Cost and Budget from the Admin \> Marketing Channel menu. No new cost and budget data can be added. Existing cost and budget data will continue to be available in reporting, but cannot be updated.

**Code Manager - Legacy H Code**

February 8, 2018

Downloading legacy JavaScript (H code) from the Code Manager is no longer supported.

Data retention: Check and set your data retention policy for Adobe Analytics

February 1, 2018

**Background**

The European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), which applies as from May 25, 2018, provides that Adobe, in its role as your data processor, must take appropriate measures to assist its customers in fulfilling access, deletion, and other requests from individuals. Applying appropriate, secure, and timely deletion policies is an important part of complying with this obligation. As a result, Adobe would like to work with you to implement a data retention policy before GDPR takes effect on May 25, 2018.

**What to expect**

Unless you already have an Adobe Analytics data retention policy in place, Adobe will begin applying data retention as currently specified in customer contracts for Adobe Analytics, unless other arrangements are made.

Most Adobe Analytics contracts state that Adobe may delete data after 25 months. Once a data retention policy is in place for your organization, it is enforced on a rolling monthly basis. Data retention for longer periods than 25 months is available for an additional fee. Data retention periods for shorter periods can also be configured by contacting Customer Care.

You will soon receive an email with additional details for your organization.

Data retention impacts all methods for accessing historical Adobe Analytics data, including but not limited to Reports & Analytics, Analysis Workspace, Report Builder, the Web Services Reporting APIs, data warehouse, and data feeds.

**Next steps**

Identify stakeholders within your organization responsible for making decisions about data retention. Your organization is best placed to know the appropriate period for which Adobe Analytics data should be retained.

Contact your Adobe Customer Success Manager if you have questions regarding data retention for Adobe Analytics.

**User account linking**

October 26, 2017

Analytics users no longer need to manually link their accounts between the Experience Cloud and Analytics. Users can contact their [Admin Console](https://helpx.adobe.com/enterprise/help/aedash.html) administrator to request Analytics access.

The Analytics user ID migration enables administrators to easily migrate user accounts from Analytics User Management to the Adobe Admin Console. After your users are migrated, they will have access to the purchased solutions and core services available in the Experience Cloud.

[Learn more about the Analytics User ID Migration](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/experience-cloud/admin-console/analytics-migration/).

**Notice for API Methods affected by the migration to the Admin Console.**

September 21, 2017

Adobe will phase out the Permissions and Company.GetLoginKey API methods as part of our effort to migrate user access and management to the Admin Console.

All Analytics companies that currently use these methods will receive a pre-migration notification beginning **March 31, 2018**. After receiving this notification, administrators will have 30 days before their migration starts, and these methods will cease to work for your company.

To prepare for this event, view the list of affected APIs, and learn what Adobe recommends, see [Analytics Administration API 1.4](https://marketing.adobe.com/developer/documentation/analytics-administration-1-4/admin-api).

Calendar Events: Displaying top 20 most recent events

September 21, 2017

To ensure optimal reporting performance, the 20 most recent calendar events will be displayed on trended and overtime graphs.

August 23, 2017

As of August 22, Adobe Analytics started determining geo\_zip on all hits received during data collection. This update increases data accuracy, particularly for mobile devices. Previously, the geo\_zip was set once per visit. Now, geo\_zip can correctly change during a visitor's visit. The geo\_zip field is not used in reporting, but surfaces in Data Feeds.

## [!DNL Audience Manager] {#aam}

**Fixes, Enhancements, and Deprecations** 

* We added a [search box in Audience Lab](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/aam/audience-lab.html), allowing you to search your Test Groups by name, description or name of test segments belonging to test groups. 

## [!DNL Target]

Refer to the [Adobe Target Release Notes](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/target/rn/) for the latest release information about the following products: 

* [!DNL Target] Standard and Premium 
* [!DNL Recommendations] Classic 

## Campaign

[!DNL Adobe Campaign] provides an intuitive, automated way to deliver one-to-one messages across online and offline marketing channels. You can now anticipate what your clients want using experiences determined by their habits and preferences. 

| Feature | Description |
|--- |--- |
|In-App messaging (beta)|In-App messaging allows you to engage Mobile App users more effectively by providing contextual interaction and enabling you to reach users who may have opted out of Push notifications. Use In-app messaging in tandem with Push notifications to create a highly personalized and relevant experience. This leads to better conversion and retention of your App users.|
|Adobe Launch integration for mobile apps (beta)|Launch integration with Adobe Campaign now simplifies and automates the process of Mobile App Property activation in Campaign using the Mobile SDK V5.|

For product documentation, see: 

* [Adobe Campaign Classic Release Notes](http://docs.campaign.adobe.com/doc/AC/en/RN.html) 
* [Adobe Campaign Classic Learn & Support](https://helpx.adobe.com/support/campaign/classic.html) 
* [Adobe Campaign Standard Release Notes](https://helpx.adobe.com/campaign/standard/rn/rn.html) 
* [Adobe Campaign Standard Learn & Support](https://helpx.adobe.com/support/campaign/standard.html) 

To learn more about Adobe Campaign, enable yourself at [Adobe Digital Library](https://digitalu.adobe.com/content/Enablement/en.html). 

## Experience Manager {#experiencemanager}

* [AEM release notes](04122018.md#section_8CD42C5750254AA88D6ACA7DBFA0D9A1) 
* [Additional resources](04122018.md#section_B1FAFE0975E74070812BC036D994FBE3) 

### AEM release notes {#section_8CD42C5750254AA88D6ACA7DBFA0D9A1}

Adobe recommends customers with on-premise deployments to deploy the latest patches to ensure higher stability, security, and performance. 

**AEM Desktop App 1.10**

AEM Desktop App 1.10 focuses on improving user experience around large uploads, information about the background operations, and optimized experience when opening assets with linked files (like InDesign).

[Release Notes](https://helpx.adobe.com/experience-manager/6-3/release-notes/desktop-app-release-notes.html)

**Brand Portal 6.4.2**

Brand Portal 6.4.2 release brings in a range of capabilities to address the asset distribution needs of organizations. It also helps organizations reach out to a large number of users who are distributed globally through Guest access and optimum experience with accelerated downloads. Brand Portal also provides greater control to organizations through new configurations for administrators, newly added reports, and caters to customer requests.

*   [What's new in AEM Assets Brand Portal](https://helpx.adobe.com/experience-manager/brand-portal/using/whats-new.html)
*   [Release Notes](https://helpx.adobe.com/experience-manager/brand-portal/release-notes/brand-portal-release-notes.html)
*   [AEM Assets Brand Portal User Guide](https://helpx.adobe.com/experience-manager/brand-portal/user-guide.html)

**Product maintenance**

AEM 6.2 Service Pack 1-Cumulative Fix Pack 16

AEM 6.2 SP1-CFP16 (6.2.1.16), released August 03, 2018, is an important update that includes key customer fixes released since the general availability of AEM 6.2 SP1, December 2016.

*   [Release Notes](https://helpx.adobe.com/experience-manager/release-notes--aem-6-2-cumulative-fix-pack.html)
*   [AEM Forms CFP releases](https://helpx.adobe.com/aem-forms/kb/aem-forms-releases.html)

**Livefyre Integration**

Update of [Integrating with Livefyre](https://helpx.adobe.com/experience-manager/6-4/sites/administering/using/livefyre.html) with a new workflow for the [Livefyre Feature Pack 2.0.6 release](https://helpx.adobe.com/experience-manager/6-4/release-notes/livefyre-feature-pack-206.html) and the [Feature Packs](https://helpx.adobe.com/experience-manager/6-4/release-notes/feature-packs-release-notes.html) page.

**Cloud Manager**

Cloud Manager 2018.6.0 is available as of August 9, 2018. This update adds support for dispatcher invalidation during deployments, additional notifications, and usability improvements.

For more information, you can review the [Release Notes and documentation updates](https://helpx.adobe.com/experience-manager/cloud-manager/using/release-notes-2018-6-0.html).

**Single page applications**

The documentation for developing [Single page applications (SPAs)](https://helpx.adobe.com/experience-manager/6-4/sites/developing/user-guide.html?topic=/experience-manager/6-4/sites/developing/morehelp/spa.ug.js) for the AEM SPA Editor is updated and expanded.

**Rich Text Editor**

Revamped [Configure the Rich Text Editor](https://helpx.adobe.com/experience-manager/6-4/sites/administering/using/rich-text-editor.html) topic to structure it better, add some missing information, add a workflow illustration, and split the long-form article.

**AEM Assets**

To configure oAuth integrations, the Adobe I/O gateway service is available at [https://legacy-oauth.cloud.adobe.io](https://legacy-oauth.cloud.adobe.io/).

Adobe has decommissioned the service at [https://marketing.adobe.com/](https://marketing.adobe.com/).

For further details, see the topics [Configure AEM Assets integration with Marketing Cloud and Creative Cloud](https://helpx.adobe.com/experience-manager/6-4/sites/administering/using/configure-assets-cc-integration.html) and [Configure AEM Assets integration with Brand Portal](https://helpx.adobe.com/experience-manager/6-4/assets/using/brand-portal-configuring-integration.html).

**Mobile Signing Tool Image Generator**

A new [Mobile Signing Tool Image Generator](https://helpx.adobe.com/digital-publishing-suite/help/mobile-signing-tool-image-generator.html) is now available to use. This tool helps you generate the necessary images, with the exact dimensions and names, required by AEM Mobile Signing Tool.

**Mobile-Android Push Notifications**

The [Push notifications in AEM Mobile Apps](https://helpx.adobe.com/digital-publishing-solution/help/push-notifications.html#push-android) documentation is now updated to include the steps to use Google Firebase (Android) Console.

**Community**

Where do you go to get insights from Adobe Experience Manager Experts on best practices for designing, developing, and deploying digital experiences?

Adobe Systems wants you-our enterprise developers-enabled on the latest version of Adobe Experience Manager. Doing so can help you meet your marketing origination goals to gain and retain customers through digital experiences. We also know that taking time away from the office for training is challenging for many. You have options, however, to learn at your own pace, including where and when it works best for you.

See our [calendar of upcoming events](https://www.meetup.com/AEM-Technologist-Group/events/calendar/) , including the following resources:

**Adobe IMMERSE**

Our annual virtual enterprise developer conference was held in June; the 2018 live sessions are complete. However, you did not miss out! You can still hear helpful tips and tricks, get introduced to aspects of Adobe Experience Manager, and learn about the Adobe Cloud platform.

You can purchase your On-Demand Pass for unlimited access to 90+ sessions. Go [here](https://immerse18.adobe-devs.adobeevents.com/register/) and use discount code He7B52.

**AEM GEMs Webinars**

This webinar series provides an avenue for community experts to learn from Adobe Engineers, Product Managers, and other subject matter experts. Among other things, you learn best practices and tips when working with various aspects of Adobe Experience Manager.

Sessions occur each Wednesday, 08:00 Pacific Time/17:00 Central European Summer Time.

See upcoming sessions or watch previously recorded sessions [here](https://helpx.adobe.com/experience-manager/kt/eseminars/gems/aem-index.html).

**Ask the AEM Community Expert Webinars**

 This monthly webinar series provides insights into topics that were recently discussed in our [Experience League](https://landing.adobe.com/experience-league/) | [AEM HelpX Forum](https://forums.adobe.com/community/experience-cloud/marketing-cloud/experience-manager).

Sessions occur the last or second to last Tuesday of each month, 08:00 Pacific Time/17:00 Central European Summer Time.

See upcoming sessions or watch previously recorded sessions [here](https://helpx.adobe.com/experience-manager/kt/eseminars/ask-the-expert/atace-index.html).

Still need help? Join the AEM Community, introduce yourself and post your question [here](https://forums.adobe.com/message/9643186?cid=AEMNewCommInvite13June_MU_1).

Get together with your peers! Our local user group meet-ups continue to grow. Check to see if there is one in your area [here](https://www.meetup.com/pro/aem/). Don't see a local group but interested in starting one? Drop us an email at [aemusers@adobe.com](mailto:aemusers@adobe.com)

**Pro!Vision hosting the 8th annual adaptTo() Conference**

Occurs 10-12 September 2018, at the Schinkelhalle, in Potsdam, Germany.

The event this year is hosted in the Schinkelhalle and will be an interactive community experience. Our sponsors are providing you a platform to meet some of the most renowned Sling, Jackrabbit, and Felix developers. Additional sessions cover commercial implementations such as Adobe Experience Manager, with a focus on how the architecture is leveraged in these products.

Do not forget the Hackathon! Get in touch with the best and brightest mobile web minds from the Apache/Adobe community membership. Speakers attend for free, Apache Committers receive a discount.

More information is available [here](https://adapt.to/2018/en/conference.html).

## Additional resources {#section_B1FAFE0975E74070812BC036D994FBE3}

* [AEM 6.4 Learn & Support home](https://helpx.adobe.com/support/experience-manager/6-4.html) 
* [AEM 6.3 Learn & Support home](https://helpx.adobe.com/support/experience-manager/6-3.html) 
* [AEM 6.2 Learn & Support home](https://helpx.adobe.com/support/experience-manager/6-2.html) 
* [Cloud Manager User Guide](https://helpx.adobe.com/experience-manager/cloud-manager/user-guide.html) 
* [Older versions of AEM documentation](https://helpx.adobe.com/experience-manager/aem-previous-versions.html) 
* [Scene7 Publishing System release notes](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/s7/release_notes/index.html) 
* [Livefyre release notes](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/livefyre/) 

## Livefyre {#livefyre}

New features, fixes, and updates to [!DNL Adobe Livefyre]. Livefyre offers a complete user-generated content offering, including social curation capabilities and on-site engagement applications. 

See [Livefyre Release Notes](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/livefyre/) for the latest information. 
Added October 2 for a September 15 release. 

| Feature | Description |
|--- |--- |
|Search Advanced Campaign Management (ACM)|Your inventory feed templates can now include text-based columns to indicate stock level so you can automatically pause or delete items with the value "out of stock."  Within your feed templates, you must indicate if the column used to indicate "Stock Level" has non-numeric values using the check box next to "This column has non-numeric values." The check box isn't selected by default.  In the feed data settings, you can control whether to pause or delete ads for your inventory for out-of-stock items using the setting "When a numeric stock level reaches N units, or where a text-based value is 'out of stock.'" Note: Text-based values aren't case sensitive.|
|Search Campaigns|You can now manually sync all campaigns in an account from the Campaigns > Accounts view. If you sync more than five accounts at a time, the job will be broken into batches of up to five accounts each.|
||(Google Ads) Advertising Cloud Search now provides support for mutable expanded text ads, allowing you to change headlines, descriptions, extensions, etc., without returning the ads for review and losing performance data. Previously, the existing ad was deleted, and a new ad was created. Now, the original ad will just be edited, so no historical data will be lost. However, like previously, any Custom Param fields for the existing ad are lost.|

## Advertising Cloud {#adcloud}

Advertising Cloud help is available in the product under the Help  **[!UICONTROL ?]**  menu. 

## Primetime

Adobe Primetime is a multiscreen TV platform that helps media companies create and monetize engaging, personalized viewing experiences. 

[Primetime Release Notes](http://help.adobe.com/en_US/primetime/release_notes/index.html) 

[Primetime Help Home](http://help.adobe.com/en_US/primetime/) 
