---
description: New features and fixes in the Adobe Experience Cloud.
seo-description: New features and fixes in the Adobe Experience Cloud.
seo-title: Adobe Experience Cloud Release Notes
solution: Experience Cloud,Analytics,Target,Advertising Cloud
title: Adobe Experience Cloud Release Notes
topic: Release notes
uuid: a6b38011-c3aa-4a49-8582-468b0fd8dd19
internal: n
snippet: y
---

# Adobe Experience Cloud Release Notes - October 2018

New features and fixes in the Adobe Experience Cloud.

>[!NOTE]
>
>Subscribe to the [Adobe Priority Product Update](https://www.adobe.com/subscription/priority-product-update.html) to be notified via email about upcoming releases. You will receive the notice three to five business days in advance of the release. New information published after the release will be marked with the publication date. 

**October 2018** 

Latest update: **October 12, 2018** 

* [Analytics](10112018.md#analytics) (Updated **October 12, 2018**) 
* [Audience Manager](10112018.md#aam) 
* [Target](10112018.md#target) 
* [Campaign](10112018.md#campaign) 
* [Experience Manager](10112018.md#experiencemanager) 
* [Advertising Cloud](10112018.md#adcloud) 
* [Primetime](10112018.md#primetime) 

## [!DNL Analytics]

**October 11, 2018** 

### New Features in Adobe [!DNL Analytics] {#features_analytics}

Enhancements and new features released in Adobe [!DNL Analytics]. 

**[!UICONTROL Analysis Workspace]**

*Panel dropdown management*

We made a few changes to the management of panel dropdowns, which were introduced in the September MR. When you right-click the dropdown, you can now

*   Delete a dropdown (this option is always present.)
*   Delete a label (if a label is showing.)
*   Add a label (if no label is showing.)

*Links in panel and visualization tooltips*

We have added links to pertinent videos and documentation to panel and visualization tooltips.

**[!DNL Analytics]**

[Adobe Analytics API 2.0](https://github.com/AdobeDocs/analytics-2.0-apis)

The new [!DNL Analytics] API uses the Adobe I/O gateway to make it easy to use alongside any other Adobe APIs. The API extends the same level of customization to the API that customers are accustomed to in [!UICONTROL Analysis Workspace]. It is truly RESTful, making it much easier for developers to interact with the API.

The current scope of this API is reporting-only; the Admin API will continue to use API 1.4 until a future release.

**Support for special characters in user names**

Experience Cloud logins let you use a number of special characters - [!DNL Analytics] now supports all characters allowed in Experience Cloud user names.

**[!DNL Analytics] help resources**

*   [Analytics product documentation](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/reference/)
*   [Tutorials on Adobe.com](https://helpx.adobe.com/analytics/tutorials.html)
*   [YouTube videos](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL2tCx83mn7GuNnQdYGOtlyCu0V5mEZ8sS)

### [!DNL Analytics] - Fixes and Updates {#analytics-interface}

Fixes and minor updates applied to Adobe [!DNL Analytics] interface tools and components ([!UICONTROL Analysis Workspace], [!UICONTROL Reports & Analytics], [!UICONTROL Report Builder], and so on). 

**[!UICONTROL Analysis Workspace]**

*   Fixed an issue with Workspace projects not loading properly. (AN-169531, AN-169486)
*   Fixed a performance issue that caused significant delays with opening Workspace projects. (AN-168790)
*   Fixed an issue with the Donut visualization that prevented users from editing its label. (AN-168722)
*   Fixed an issue with Line Graph visualizations not rendering properly in some situations. (AN-168199)

**Other [!DNL Analytics] Issues**

*   **Segmentation**: Fixed segmentation issues that caused problems with reporting and with the transfer of assets. (AN-167075, AN-169096, AN-168860, AN-169292)
*   **Admin**: Fixed an issue with errors that occurred when sharing calculated metrics templates. Going forward, you can no longer share those templates. (AN-168655)
*   **Admin**: Fixed an issue that caused problems when using specials character in [!DNL Analytics] user names. Experience Cloud logins let you use a number of special characters. Now [!DNL Analytics] supports all characters allowed in Experience Cloud user names. (AN-168014)
*   **Admin**: Fixed an issue with users getting logged out of [!DNL Analytics]. If you copied and pasted an image from the browser to, Excel (for example) we would log you out as a security precaution. This is no longer the case. (AN-166710)
*   **Admin**: Fixed a post-migration issue around [!UICONTROL Report Builder] permissions. (AN-168329)
*   **[!UICONTROL Reports & Analytics]**: After a data center migration, the shortened URL in dashboard email's _Link to Report_ feature was pre-populated with the wrong login company. No data from that login company was visible or compromised. (AN-166881)
*   **[!UICONTROL Reports & Analytics]**: Fixed an issue with some charts being greyed out in HTML scheduled reports. (AN-168636)

**Data Workbench**

See [Data Workbench Release Notes](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/insight/whatsnew/index.html) for cumulative release information.

### Important Notices for [!DNL Analytics] Administrators {#analytics_notices}

Updated **October 12, 2018** 

>[!IMPORTANT]
>
>Review the following table for important [!DNL Analytics] notices that may affect data collection, processing, APIs, product end-of-life, and so on. 

**Dallas FTP server migration ([ftp2.omniture.com](ftp://ftp2.omniture.com))**

On **October 17, 2018**, if you connect to [ftp2.omniture.com](ftp://ftp2.omniture.com/) via the SFTP protocol, you might be required to re-accept the SJ1 site's host identifier. This issue applies only to October 17.

See [Upgrading Adobe FTP Servers](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/whitepapers/ftp/ftp_upgrade.html) .

**End of support for Internet Explorer 11**

Adobe will end support for Internet Explorer 11 within Adobe Analytics on November 13, 2018, in accordance with Microsoft's own end of support for this version. Please switch to Microsoft Edge or another supported browser as soon as possible.

**Data Feed: post\_product\_list column - size change**

In January 2019, Adobe plans to expand the size of the post\_product\_list column from 64 KB to 16 MB. This change is intended to ensure that merchandising eVar values added to post\_product\_list during processing do not cause truncation of product and revenue values.

If you have processes that ingest post\_product\_list values, please ensure those processes can handle values up to 16 MB in length, or will truncate the value at 16 KB to avoid data ingestion failures.

**End of life for Ad Hoc Analysis**

Date added: August 9, 2018

On August 6, 2018, Adobe announced the intention to end-of-life Ad Hoc Analysis. An end-of-life date will be shared once available. For more information, visit [Discover Workspace](https://spark.adobe.com/page/S9Bhp66VJ2fEn/) .

We will not modify Ad Hoc Analysis to support Java 9+ from this point forward. If you upgrade to Java 9+, Ad Hoc Analysis will cease to function. Only Java 8 will be supported.

**End of Support for TLS 1.0**

Date added: Sept. 7, 2018

*   To minimize customer impact, we are delaying Adobe Analytics Reporting’s end of support for TLS 1.0 encryption. Starting in February, 2019, **Adobe Analytics Reporting** will no longer support TLS (Transport Layer Security) 1.0 encryption. This change is part of our ongoing efforts to maintain the highest security standards and promote the safety of customer data. Because the Analytics reporting interface already requires a modern web browser, we do not anticipate issues. If you are unable to connect to Adobe Analytics reporting after February 2019, you should upgrade your browser [to the latest version](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/sc/user/requirements.html) .
*   Starting February 2019, **Adobe Analytics Reporting API** will no longer support TLS 1.0 encryption. Customers who access the API should verify that they will not be impacted.
    *   API clients using Java 7 with default settings will need [modifications to support TLS 1.2](https://www.java.com/en/configure_crypto.html) . (Refer to “Changing default TLS protocol version for client end points: TLS 1.0 to TLS 1.2”.)
    *   API clients using Java 8 should not be impacted because the default setting is TLS 1.2.
    *   API clients using other frameworks will need to contact their vendors for details on TLS 1.2 support.
*   Starting February 2019, **Adobe Analytics Data Collection** will no longer support TLS 1.0. With this change, we will no longer collect Analytics data from end users with older devices or web browsers that do not support TLS 1.1 or later.
    
    **Note:** If your web site does not support TLS 1.0, you will not be impacted by the collection change.
    

**Update Adobe [!UICONTROL Report Builder] due to end of support for TLS 1.0**

Date added: Sept. 7, 2018

Due to the end of support for TLS 1.0, we recommended that Adobe [!UICONTROL Report Builder] (ARB) users download ARB v5.6.21 prior to February 2019. **After that date, prior versions of ARB will no longer function**.

**New help for the Analytics user migration**

Date added: May 10, 2018

We updated the Analytics user ID migration help with information about migrating Enterprise and Federated IDs to the Admin Console.

See [Migrate Analytics user accounts for Enterprise and Federated IDs](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/experience-cloud/admin-console/analytics-migration/migrate-enterprise.html) .

**Upcoming removal of Account Activity Report**

Date added: May 10, 2018

The Account Activity Report will be replaced by the Server Call Usage feature in the Adobe Analytics Summer Release. The Account Activity Report will be permanently removed on August 9, 2018. To view summary data about report suite traffic after August 9, 2018, use the Server Call Usage feature.

**Changes to linear allocation models in Calculated Metrics**

Date added: May 10, 2018

Effective **July 19, 2018**

On July 19th, Adobe Analytics will revise the way allocation models in calculated metrics are evaluated. As part of this change, calculated metrics that use a non-default allocation model will be migrated to new and improved attribution models.

**Marketing Channel Last Touch** and **Marketing Channel First Touch** allocation models will be migrated to new **Last Touch** and **First Touch** attribution models respectively. (Marketing Channels are not being deprecated, only the two allocation models that appear in calculated metrics).

Additionally, we will correct the way linear allocation is calculated. If you use calculated metrics with linear allocation models, the reports may change slightly to reflect the new, corrected attribution model.

This change to calculated metrics will be reflected in [!UICONTROL Analysis Workspace], [!UICONTROL Reports & Analytics], the Reporting API, [!UICONTROL Report Builder], and Ad Hoc Analysis.

See the [Calculated Metrics documentation](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/analytics/calcmetrics/m_metric_type_alloc.html) for more information about this change.

**Anomaly Detection and Contribution Analysis functionality removed from [!UICONTROL Reports & Analytics]**

Date added: April 10, 2018

Anomaly Detection and Contribution Analysis have been removed from the [!UICONTROL Reports & Analytics] feature set and are now available only via [Analysis Workspace](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/analytics/analysis-workspace/virtual-analyst.html) .

Adobe Analytics Select and Foundation customers have access only to “daily-granularity” [Anomaly Detection](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/analytics/analysis-workspace/anomaly_detection.html) in Workspace.

**Adobe no longer issuing 3rd-party s\_vi cookies for Safari**

Date added: April 05, 2018

On March 20, 2018, Adobe stopped issuing third-party s\_vi cookies for the Safari browser. This change does not impact customers using first-party data collection cookies. This change also removes the visit and visitor inflation experienced by some customers, resulting from Safari ITP.

**Update [!UICONTROL Report Builder] before you migrate user IDs to the Admin Console**

Date added: March 17, 2018

Important: Update your installation of [Report Builder](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/arb/t_install_arb.html) to the latest version. This update is a pre-requisite for running the Analytics user ID migration to the Admin Console, beginning in April 2018.

See [Analytics User Migration to the Admin Console](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/experience-cloud/admin-console/analytics-migration/) for migration information.

**Back-end changes that affect reporting**

Date added: April 11, 2018

A change to the (back-end) lookup mechanism is going to impact reporting in several ways. Please be aware that these changes went into effect around the **end of February, 2018**:

*   Page renaming will no longer be allowed. Going forward, you will need to use [classifications](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/reference/classifications.html) to rename pages. Until the May 10, 2018 release, the system will continue to process the renamed pages as they are currently configured. Adobe is asking all customers to migrate to classifications by that date. After the May release, existing renames will no longer be honored and can change, retroactively, without notice.
*   The URL replacement methodology is different. Previously, Adobe Analytics would store (mostly) the first URL associated with each page name each month. Going forward, we will store the most recent URL for each page name.
*   (**Updated April 11, 2018**) Category reports for roll-ups and current data in [!UICONTROL Reports & Analytics] are no longer provided. Deprecating category roll-up reports in the Web Service API is effective with the May 10, 2018, Adobe Analytics maintenance release.
*   There is no longer any support for page/prop data from before approximately January 2007 (in some cases, 2006). This only impacts pages, props and page events (i.e. custom links, exit links, download links).
    
    Note: This change does not impact reporting in [!UICONTROL Analysis Workspace] or Data Warehouse.
    
    If you have data preceding these dates, expect the following:
    
    *   Data will not combine correctly across the pre/post January 2007 boundary.
    *   Searches will not work against data before approximately Jan. 2007.

**Upcoming support changes for Date-Enabled and Numeric Classifications**

Date added: May 7, 2018

In the May 10, 2018 Maintenance release, we will begin limiting the functionality of date-enabled and numeric classifications. These classification types will be removed from the Admin and Classification Importer interfaces.

From that date on, no new date-enabled and numeric classifications can be added. Existing classifications can still be managed (uploaded to, deleted) through the standard classification workflow, and will continue to be available in reporting.

**Upcoming support changes for Marketing Channel Cost and Budget**

Date added: February 28, 2018

In the April maintenance release, we will remove Marketing Channel Cost and Budget from the Admin \> Marketing Channel menu. No new cost and budget data can be added. Existing cost and budget data will continue to be available in reporting, but cannot be updated.

**Code Manager - Legacy H Code**

Date added: February 8, 2018

Downloading legacy JavaScript (H code) from the Code Manager is no longer supported.

**Data retention: Check and set your data retention policy for Adobe Analytics**

Date added: February 1, 2018

*Background*

The European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), which applies as from May 25, 2018, provides that Adobe, in its role as your data processor, must take appropriate measures to assist its customers in fulfilling access, deletion, and other requests from individuals. Applying appropriate, secure, and timely deletion policies is an important part of complying with this obligation. As a result, Adobe would like to work with you to implement a data retention policy before GDPR takes effect on May 25, 2018.

*What to expect*

Unless you already have an Adobe Analytics data retention policy in place, Adobe will begin applying data retention as currently specified in customer contracts for Adobe Analytics, unless other arrangements are made.

Most Adobe Analytics contracts state that Adobe may delete data after 25 months. Once a data retention policy is in place for your organization, it is enforced on a rolling monthly basis. Data retention for longer periods than 25 months is available for an additional fee. Data retention periods for shorter periods can also be configured by contacting Customer Care.

You will soon receive an email with additional details for your organization.

Data retention impacts all methods for accessing historical Adobe Analytics data, including but not limited to [!UICONTROL Reports & Analytics], [!UICONTROL Analysis Workspace], [!UICONTROL Report Builder], the Web Services Reporting APIs, data warehouse, and data feeds.

*Next steps*

Identify stakeholders within your organization responsible for making decisions about data retention. Your organization is best placed to know the appropriate period for which Adobe Analytics data should be retained.

Contact your Adobe Customer Success Manager if you have questions regarding data retention for Adobe Analytics.

**User account linking**

Date added: October 26, 2017

Analytics users no longer need to manually link their accounts between the Experience Cloud and Analytics. Users can contact their [Admin Console](https://helpx.adobe.com/enterprise/help/aedash.html) administrator to request Analytics access.

The Analytics user ID migration enables administrators to easily migrate user accounts from Analytics User Management to the Adobe Admin Console. After your users are migrated, they will have access to the purchased solutions and core services available in the Experience Cloud.

[Learn more about the Analytics User ID Migration](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/experience-cloud/admin-console/analytics-migration/) .

**Notice for API Methods affected by the migration to the Admin Console.**

Date added: September 21, 2017

Adobe will phase out the Permissions and Company.GetLoginKey API methods as part of our effort to migrate user access and management to the Admin Console.

All Analytics companies that currently use these methods will receive a pre-migration notification beginning **March 31, 2018**. After receiving this notification, administrators will have 30 days before their migration starts, and these methods will cease to work for your company.

To prepare for this event, view the list of affected APIs, and learn what Adobe recommends, see [Analytics Administration API 1.4](https://marketing.adobe.com/developer/documentation/analytics-administration-1-4/admin-api) .

**Filter segment test groups by status.**

You can now filter segment test groups by their status, from the segment test group list. The available statuses are:

*   Active
*   Scheduled
*   Draft
*   Completed

This option is also available in the [Segment Test Group API](https://bank.demdex.com/portal/swagger/index.html#/Segment_Test_Group_API/get_segment_test_groups_) , through the groupStatus query parameter.

## [!DNL Audience Manager] {#aam}

**Fixes, Enhancements, and Deprecations** 

* Added pagination to the segment test group list page (AAM-39399). 
* Fixed an issue causing duplicate segment mappings to be saved in some cases, when clicking the **[!UICONTROL Save]** button repeatedly in a short time interval (AAM-38687). 
* Fixed an issue causing the Identity Management System to incorrectly switch between organization accounts (AAM-40727). 
* Fixed an issue causing trait population of segments to be displayed as Undefined or Not Available when switching between Code View and Basic View (AAM-39975). 
* Fixed an issue causing the **[!UICONTROL Create]** and **[!UICONTROL Save]** buttons in the [!UICONTROL Create Model] section to be displayed incorrectly for accounts with large number of data sources (AAM-38644). 
* Added visual loading indicators to the [!UICONTROL Limits] and [!UICONTROL Profile Merge Rules] pages (AAM-39879). 

## [!DNL Target]

Refer to the [Adobe Target Release Notes](https://docs.adobe.com/content/help/en/target/using/release-notes/release-notes.html) for the latest release information about the following products: 

* [!DNL Target] Standard and Premium 
* [!DNL Recommendations] Classic 

## [!DNL Campaign]

[!DNL Adobe Campaign] provides an intuitive, automated way to deliver one-to-one messages across online and offline marketing channels. You can now anticipate what your clients want using experiences determined by their habits and preferences. 

For product documentation, see: 

* [Adobe Campaign Classic Release Notes](http://docs.campaign.adobe.com/doc/AC/en/RN.html) 
* [Adobe Campaign Classic Learn & Support](https://helpx.adobe.com/support/campaign/classic.html) 
* [Adobe Campaign Standard Learn & Support](https://helpx.adobe.com/support/campaign/standard.html) 

## [!DNL Experience Manager] {#experiencemanager}

### Product Releases {#section_DFFD41490C8C4D649D00A4181C2D3E29}

* **Cloud Manager 2018.7.0** 

  This Cloud Manager release provides key improvements around autoscaling, code quality analysis, detailed view of your environments and performance testing. [Release Notes](https://helpx.adobe.com/experience-manager/cloud-manager/using/release-notes-2018-7-0.html). 

* **SPA Editor** 

  As Single-Page Application (SPA) makes the overall visitor experience more interactive, they are gaining popularity, even for content-centric experiences. So far, it was tedious-when possible at all-for Web Experience Management Systems to edit in-context the content and layout of SPAs. The disruptive architecture only consumes JSON data from the server and delegates all other responsibilities, such as rendering, to the client. As a result, marketers are forced to use headless-only CMS and initiate a development cycle for any layout change. Control is lost over any form of layout, impacting the velocity of changes. 

  The SPA Editor, however, brings the easy-to-use capabilities of the AEM Page Editor back to SPA built with JavaScript frameworks like React or Angular. It allows front-end developers to create such SPA like they are used to, all while having non-technical authors to edit the content in-place. 

  This release is version one of the SPA Editor. The editor, provides support for the React and Angular JS frameworks. 

  See the following documentation: [https://helpx.adobe.com/experience-manager/6-4/sites/developing/using/spa-overview.html](https://helpx.adobe.com/experience-manager/6-4/sites/developing/using/spa-overview.html) 

**Adobe Stock integration with AEM** 

Integration with Adobe Stock gives AEM users the ability to do the following: 

* Extend search results to Adobe Stock directly in the AEM user interface. 
* Preview Adobe Stock assets. 
* Save and license Adobe Stock assets into AEM without leaving the familiar AEM user interface. 

Licensed and saved assets become available as regular assets that are managed in AEM. 

See the [Feature Video](https://helpx.adobe.com/experience-manager/kt/sites/using/spa-editor-framework-feature-video-use.html) and [Technical Video](https://helpx.adobe.com/experience-manager/kt/sites/using/spa-editor-components-technical-video-understand.html). 

See the following documentation: [https://helpx.adobe.com/experience-manager/6-4/assets/using/aem-assets-adobe-stock.html](https://helpx.adobe.com/experience-manager/6-4/assets/using/aem-assets-adobe-stock.html) 

### Product Maintenance {#section_06D580FE1F9A4C3790C230D46887E0D8}

* **AEM 6.3 Service Pack 3** 

  AEM 6.3 SP3 (6.3.3.0), released September 12, 2018, is an important update that includes key customer fixes released since the general availability of AEM 6.3, April 2017. 
    
    * [Release Notes](https://helpx.adobe.com/experience-manager/6-3/release-notes/sp3-release-notes.html) 
    * [AEM Forms CFP releases](https://helpx.adobe.com/aem-forms/kb/aem-forms-releases.html) 

* **AEM 6.4 Service Pack 2** 

  AEM 6.4 SP2 (6.3.3.0), released October 3, 2018, is an important update that includes key customer fixes released since the general availability of AEM 6.4, April 2018. 

    * [Release Notes](https://helpx.adobe.com/experience-manager/6-4/release-notes/sp-release-notes.html) 
    * [AEM Forms CFP releases](https://helpx.adobe.com/aem-forms/kb/aem-forms-releases.html) 

### Self-Help {#section_62E10ACE63FA48C0A7CFF0A99DD6B358}

* **AEM Screens** 

  To use Dynamic Embedded Sequence, you assign a channel by Channel Role. 

  [Using Dynamic Embedded Sequence](https://helpx.adobe.com/experience-manager/6-4/sites/authoring/using/dynamic-embedded-sequences.html) lets the user follow a hierarchy where changes and updates made to one channel is propagated to other one in relation. It follows a parent-child hierarchy and also includes assets such as images or videos. 

* **AEM Cloud Manager** 

  Autoscaling is enabled via horizontal scale-out of Dispatcher/Publish segments on the production environment to support a sudden increase in load, volume, access, and other defined monitored metrics. Follow the [Release Notes for 2018.7.0](https://helpx.adobe.com/experience-manager/cloud-manager/using/release-notes-2018-7-0.html) for more information. 

### Community {#section_383B1456418046548BE0EA3664204C9C}

Where do you go to get insights from Adobe Experience Manager Experts on best practices for designing, developing, and deploying digital experiences? 

Adobe Systems wants you-our enterprise developers-enabled on the latest version of Adobe Experience Manager. Doing so can help you meet your marketing origination goals to gain and retain customers through digital experiences. We also know that taking time away from the office for training is challenging for many. You have options, however, to learn at your own pace, including where and when it works best for you. 

See our [calendar of upcoming events](https://www.meetup.com/AEM-Technologist-Group/events/calendar/), including the following resources: 

* **Adobe IMMERSE** 

  Our annual virtual enterprise developer conference was held in June; the 2018 live sessions are complete. However, you did not miss out! You can still hear helpful tips and tricks, get introduced to aspects of Adobe Experience Manager, and learn about the Adobe Cloud platform. 

  You can purchase your On-Demand Pass for unlimited access to 90+ sessions. Go [here](https://immerse18.adobe-devs.adobeevents.com/register/) and use discount code `He7B52`. 

* **AEM GEMs Webinars** 

  This webinar series provides an avenue for community experts to learn from Adobe Engineers, Product Managers, and other subject matter experts. Among other things, you learn best practices and tips when working with various aspects of Adobe Experience Manager. 

  Sessions occur each Wednesday, 08:00 Pacific Time/17:00 Central European Summer Time. 

  See upcoming sessions or watch previously recorded sessions [here](https://helpx.adobe.com/experience-manager/kt/eseminars/gems/aem-index.html). 

* **Ask the AEM Community Expert Webinars** 

   This monthly webinar series provides insights into topics that were recently discussed in our [Experience League](https://landing.adobe.com/experience-league/) | [AEM HelpX Forum](https://forums.adobe.com/community/experience-cloud/marketing-cloud/experience-manager). 

  Sessions occur the last or second to last Tuesday of each month, 08:00 Pacific Time/17:00 Central European Summer Time. 

  See upcoming sessions or watch previously recorded sessions [here](https://helpx.adobe.com/experience-manager/kt/eseminars/ask-the-expert/atace-index.html). 

  Still need help? Join the AEM Community, introduce yourself and post your question [here](https://forums.adobe.com/message/9643186?cid=AEMNewCommInvite13June_MU_1). 

### Additional resources {#section_B1FAFE0975E74070812BC036D994FBE3}

* [AEM 6.4 Learn & Support home](https://helpx.adobe.com/support/experience-manager/6-4.html) 
* [AEM 6.3 Learn & Support home](https://helpx.adobe.com/support/experience-manager/6-3.html) 
* [AEM 6.2 Learn & Support home](https://helpx.adobe.com/support/experience-manager/6-2.html) 
* [Cloud Manager User Guide](https://helpx.adobe.com/experience-manager/cloud-manager/user-guide.html) 
* [Older versions of AEM documentation](https://helpx.adobe.com/experience-manager/aem-previous-versions.html) 
* [Scene7 Publishing System release notes](https://docs.adobe.com/content/help/en/dynamic-media-developer-resources/release-notes/s7rn2017.html) 
* [Livefyre release notes](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/livefyre/) 

## [!DNL Advertising Cloud] {#adcloud}

Updated: October 11, 2018, for October 13 release 

| Feature | Description |
|--- |--- |
|Search Campaigns|The filter dialog was redesigned to require fewer clicks.|
|Reports|(Google Ads and Bing Ads) The AdWords Audience Target Report was renamed AdWords/Bing Ads Audience Target Report and now includes data for Google Ads remarketing list and in-market audience targets and Bing Ads remarketing list targets. Cost, click,and revenue data are available for remarketing list targets; cost and click data are available for in-market audience targets. Note: Google Ads doesn't provide the means to track revenue data for in-market audiences.|

Advertising Cloud help is available in the product under the Help  **[!UICONTROL ?]**  menu. 

## [!DNL Primetime]

Adobe [!DNL Primetime] is a multiscreen TV platform that helps media companies create and monetize engaging, personalized viewing experiences. 

[Primetime Release Notes](http://help.adobe.com/en_US/primetime/release_notes/index.html) 

[Primetime Help Home](http://help.adobe.com/en_US/primetime/) 
