---
description: Learn about the latest release and maintenance release (MR) information in the Digital Marketing Suite.
seo-description: Learn about the latest release and maintenance release (MR) information in the Digital Marketing Suite.
seo-title: Release Notes - May 31 2012
solution: Release Notes,Marketing Cloud,Analytics,Social,Target,Media Optimizer
title: Release Notes - May 31 2012
topic: Release notes
---

# Release Notes - May 31 2012

**May 31 2012**

* [ SiteCatalyst 15.3 Maintenance Release ](c_05312012.md#concept_44CB6A19929C4B16B6B729C7EDD7816A/section_D39918803A7E48E490CBB47DB47489F3)
* [ SiteCatalyst 14.9 Maintenance Release ](c_05312012.md#concept_44CB6A19929C4B16B6B729C7EDD7816A/section_7259A4690F884F88A5053B91C6FC2851)
* [ Discover 3.0 Maintenance Release ](c_05312012.md#concept_44CB6A19929C4B16B6B729C7EDD7816A/section_8E0C3561DBBA4A31A9948922852BE11E)
* [ SocialAnalytics 1.2 Maintenance Release ](c_05312012.md#concept_44CB6A19929C4B16B6B729C7EDD7816A/section_2B21678310CB486DBE48C387494EF5F6)
* [ AppMeasurement ](c_05312012.md#concept_44CB6A19929C4B16B6B729C7EDD7816A/section_8BA0E57D29E246A89437BF6897B82F48)
* [ DataWarehouse ](c_05312012.md#concept_44CB6A19929C4B16B6B729C7EDD7816A/section_B9D31AE21C4A451D9ABD169A77845300)
* [ ReportBuilder 4.3 Maintenance Release ](c_05312012.md#concept_44CB6A19929C4B16B6B729C7EDD7816A/section_66A6D07051CB4ED5B70220091CB519CA)
* [ AudienceResearch 2.2 ](c_05312012.md#concept_44CB6A19929C4B16B6B729C7EDD7816A/section_1060E5B5E4714818B79C61DBC4E0AD96)
* [ AudienceManager 3.3 Maintenance Release ](c_05312012.md#concept_44CB6A19929C4B16B6B729C7EDD7816A/section_15E40AC4D49A4F538702BF79DEEE3424)
* [ SearchCenter 4.3 ](c_05312012.md#concept_44CB6A19929C4B16B6B729C7EDD7816A/section_779CE02AA33A4457B1E2A61774F3B7A7)
* [ Test&amp;Target ](c_05312012.md#concept_44CB6A19929C4B16B6B729C7EDD7816A/section_67B8E13918BE4056BA7B91175C9BB96E)
* [ Genesis 3 Maintenance Release ](c_05312012.md#concept_44CB6A19929C4B16B6B729C7EDD7816A/section_97298EF57395423299F2E8FEF64941F6)
* [ Insight 5.5 ](c_05312012.md#concept_44CB6A19929C4B16B6B729C7EDD7816A/section_DE19BC92A3994081B0BC92D5A7B40767)
* [ Search&amp;Promote 8.8.1 ](c_05312012.md#concept_44CB6A19929C4B16B6B729C7EDD7816A/section_B55392A523294A00A38C6980804B0362)
* [ Survey 3.2 Maintenance Release ](c_05312012.md#concept_44CB6A19929C4B16B6B729C7EDD7816A/section_2BF8F569310C4BAFA2D90A7F0721E0FD)
* [ Recommendations 2.10 ](c_05312012.md#concept_44CB6A19929C4B16B6B729C7EDD7816A/section_A388672077FF4714810FD7AB69D52383)
* [ Scene7 ](c_05312012.md#concept_44CB6A19929C4B16B6B729C7EDD7816A/section_04065C367D324E6BBB0387002D2EC146)
* [ Publish ](c_05312012.md#concept_44CB6A19929C4B16B6B729C7EDD7816A/section_18B0D5DA442342A6AFEFDCCF88B4B71E)
## SiteCatalyst 15.3 Maintenance Release {#section_D39918803A7E48E490CBB47DB47489F3}

The `keyword SiteCatalyst` 15.3 maintenance release (05/31/12) includes the following new features and fixes.

**New Features**:

**Bounce Rate**: The Bounces metric that is available on the `wintitle Pages Report` in `keyword SiteCatalyst` 15 is now available on all commerce reports. A Bounce Rate metric based on Bounces is also available on all commerce reports. See [Standard Metrics](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/sc/user/index.html?f=c_metrics_standard) for a detailed explanation. If you have previously defined a custom Bounce Rate using a calculated metric, you can prevent the standard Bounce Rate metric from being displayed in the Add Metrics window. See [Manage Access to Metrics and Reports](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/admin/index.html?f=t_user_report_access).

**Entries and Exits**: Exits and Entries are now available on all commerce reports.

**Total Time Spent**: Total Time Spent metric is now available on traffic and commerce reports. Total time spent displays the total number of seconds spent by all visitors on the selected page or app, or on a page or app that set the reported value.

**"Uniques Exceeded" renamed to "(low-traffic)"**

As a result of the change described in *Improved Reporting Limits for Monthly Unique Values* in the [April 26, 2012 release notes](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/whatsnew/index.html?f=c_04262012), the "Uniques Exceeded" line item is now replaced with a line item titled "(low-traffic)". If you have scheduled reports or other processes that filter "Uniques Exceeded", update them to filter "(low-traffic)" instead.

**Reporting API**

The following metrics are now available in the Report API.

Commerce Visits/Visitors:

* cVisits
* cVisitors
Commerce Pathing Metrics:

* cEntries
* cExits
* bounces
* bounceRate
* totalTimeSpent
Traffic:

* bots
**Fixes**:

* Added a new calendar preset of Last 13 Months.
* Fixed an issue that caused `keyword SearchCenter` hierarchy reports to display incorrectly when added to a `keyword SiteCatalyst` 15 dashboard.
* Fixed an issue that caused totals to display incorrectly when running a compare report with a filter applied.
* Fixed an error that prevented some pages from being removed using the Remove Pages feature in Admin Console.
* The Prod View event is now displayed in Processing Rules.
* Fixed an issue in `keyword Segment Builder` that caused library components to not be saved.
* Fixed an issue that caused unique visitor metrics in Hierarchy Reports to drop after the April MR. The values now display correctly.
* Fixed an issue that caused keyword filters (such as none and unspecified) to not remove line items that contain these keywords.
* Fixed an issue that caused revenue conversion to not match between a Ranked report and a Trended report. This occurred on report suites that use multiple currencies.
* Fixed an issue that caused the mobile report to display the value of the unique visitors metric for page views, visits, or daily unique visitors.
* Fixed an issue that caused campaign classifications that are updated in the Campaign Manager to be double URL encoded. Spaces in these values would appear with a + instead of a space.
* Fixed an issue in the Pages not Found report where clicking on the magnifying glass results in an empty screen.
* Fixed an issue that caused the Unique Visitors reports to display an incorrect total when filtering by page. The Pages report displayed a correct value for the Unique Visitors metrics. The values on these reports now match.
## SiteCatalyst 14.9 Maintenance Release {#section_7259A4690F884F88A5053B91C6FC2851}

The `keyword SiteCatalyst` 14.9 maintenance release (05/31/12) includes the following enhancements and fixes:

* Added a new calendar preset of Last 13 Months.
* Fixed an issue that prevented non-admins from viewing some pathing reports when they were granted permissions.
* Updated dashboard and PDF rendering in v14 so that large values would no longer be truncated using scientific notation.
* Fixed an issue that caused the wrong Custom Insight variable to be displayed in the `wintitle Videos` menu of `keyword SiteCatalyst`. The displayed variable now matches the variable selected in Edit Settings &gt; Video Management &gt; Video Reporting.
* `wintitle  Names on Shared Calendar Events` are now truncated if they if it exceed 50 bytes, and a warning is displayed if the event name exceeds this limit. This fix prevents these names from displaying incorrectly after creation. If you have encountered this issue for an existing event, you need to update the name.
* Fixed an error that prevented some pages from being removed using the Remove Pages feature in Admin Console.
* Optimized downloading of Excel report suites to prevent timeouts.
## Discover 3.0 Maintenance Release {#section_8E0C3561DBBA4A31A9948922852BE11E}

The following fixes were made to `keyword Discover` 3.0, released on May 31 2012:

* Fixed an issue occurring when loading `keyword Discover` 2.9.6 projects into Discover 3.0. This issue caused workspaces to open empty.
* Fixed issue in which `keyword Discover` was not reading certain segments. `term Or` logic was switching to `term And` logic.
* Fixed an issue causing `keyword Discover` to hang, related to article 12879 in the Knowledge Base regarding graphics card drivers.
* Fixed an issue causing Flow reports to ignore the date range.
* Improved date range handling in the UI when selecting a date range that crosses the boundary of historical data, and zeros were returned.
* Added a `wintitle Search Project` feature to the `wintitle Most Recent Projects` window on startup.
* In trended reports, we added the ability to change the time granularity in the Trend Inspector.
* Increased the number of cells that you can select for trending.
* IFixed an issue with the date format when opening a saved project.
* Changed how the Start Date field automatically selects date ranges in the calendar. This fix preserves the existing range of days or months, after you type a new start date.
* Fixed an issue where version 2.9.6 custom report titles were not being located by version 3.0.
* Fixed an issue where searches in the detail table that contained extensive search filters caused interface components to stop functioning properly.
* Fixed an issue causing the error `term 100` to display in the Site Analysis report. The error displayed when adding a segment to a workspace before the report finished loading.
* Fixed an issue in the Message field in `wintitle Delivery Options`. An error was issued if the message was long enough to cause the field to scroll, which collapsed the field.
* Fixed a midnight time issue in the date selector, occurring in the UTC time zone (Sao Paulo, Brazil).
* Fixed an issue causing incorrect day names to display in the calendar, if the first day of the week is not Sunday.
* Fixed a calculated metrics persistence issue in the `wintitle Site Analysis Report`.
## SocialAnalytics 1.2 Maintenance Release {#section_2B21678310CB486DBE48C387494EF5F6}

The `keyword SocialAnalytics` Maintenance Release (05/31/12) includes the following enhancements:

* **Term Log: **The `wintitle Term Log` lets you view details for each term that you have deactivated or archived. You can view the start and end dates of when each term was tracked. You can also reactivate or archive a term from the log list.
* **Reauthorize Facebook Insights: **If you change your Facebook Insights password, you can click the `wintitle Reauthorize Facebook Insights` button on the `wintitle Social Properties` page (`wintitle Settings` &gt; `wintitle Social Properties`) to authorize `keyword SocialAnalytics` to continue collecting Insight information from Facebook.
For the latest SocialAnalytics information, see the [SocialAnalytics User Guide](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/sa/index.html#Release%20Notes).

## AppMeasurement {#section_8BA0E57D29E246A89437BF6897B82F48}

See [AppMeasurement Release History](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/sc/appmeasurement/release/index.html) the following for a release history of `keyword AppMeasurement` on the following platforms:

* JavaScript
* iOS
* Android
* Flash-Flex
* Windows Phone, XBOX, Sliverlight, and .NET
* BlackBerry
* Java
* PHP
* Symbian
## DataWarehouse {#section_B9D31AE21C4A451D9ABD169A77845300}

Not updated in this maintenance release.

## ReportBuilder 4.3 Maintenance Release {#section_66A6D07051CB4ED5B70220091CB519CA}

The `keyword ReportBuilder` maintenance release (05/31/12) includes the following enhancements and fixes:

* Fixed an issue in Traffic Bots and Pages Bots reports, which generated an Invalid Metric error.
* Added Bounce Rate, Bounces, Commerce Entries, Commerce Exists, and Total Time Spent metrics to `keyword ReportBuilder.`
For more information, see the [ReportBuilder Help System](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/arb/index.html).

## AudienceResearch 2.2 {#section_1060E5B5E4714818B79C61DBC4E0AD96}

The `keyword AudienceResearch` maintenance release (05/31/12) includes the following enhancements and fixes:

* Metrics for Digital Publications are now in compliance with guidelines published by the Magazine Publisher's Association.
* Fixed a bug affecting the Total Page Views metric
* Product stability improvements
Certification is available for sites, mobile applications, and digital publications built with Adobe's `keyword Digital Publishing Suite`. For more information, contact your Account Support Manager.

For more information, see [AudienceResearch](http://audience.omniture.com/).

## AudienceManager 3.3 Maintenance Release {#section_15E40AC4D49A4F538702BF79DEEE3424}

No updates in this maintenance release.

## SearchCenter 4.3 {#section_779CE02AA33A4457B1E2A61774F3B7A7}

This `keyword SearchCenter` 4.3 release includes the following new features and enhancements:

* **Default Custom Group Assignments: ** You can specify default custom group assignments and labels at the campaign or group level. Any objects added to those containers automatically inherit those assignments and labels.
* **Custom Date Ranges for Metrics in Bulk Exports: **While performing bulk exports, you can now select `wintitle Custom Date Range` to choose the start and end dates.
This release of `keyword SearchCenter`includes the following general fixes:

* Fixed an issue that infrequently caused the `wintitle Automated Campaign Generation` feature to return errors when importing `filepath .tsv` and `filepath .csv` files.
* Fixed an issue that caused custom group metric data to be reported differently at various `wintitle Management` levels.
* Fixed an issue that prevented `wintitle Standard` metrics from displaying in `wintitle Management` screens.
* Fixed an issue that caused data in `wintitle Management` screens for a calculated metric to display zeros.
* Fixed an issue that prevented results from displaying after sorting a column in `wintitle Management` screens by clicking the column header.
* Fixed an issue that prevented results from displaying when sorting in `wintitle Management` or performing an `wintitle Advanced Search` on metrics from an account that contains an apostrophe (').
* Fixed an issue that caused changes made to a filtered list of campaigns (filtered using the `wintitle Advanced Filter` feature) to be applied to campaigns not designated by the filter.
* Fixed an issue that prevented sorting from working properly when users click the `wintitle Load More` link to display more results.
* Fixed an issue that prevented the `wintitle Keyword Hierarchy` and `wintitle Organic to Paid Keywords` reports from loading in a timely manner.
* Fixed an issue that prevented users from seeing log details for the `wintitle Event History` report.
* Fixed an issue that caused the `wintitle Organic Search Queries`, `wintitle Paid Search Queries`, and `wintitle Internal Search Queries` reports to display data from the previous instance of the report being generated.
* Fixed an issue that caused metric data to display incorrectly in the `wintitle Ads` report because the column was too narrow.
* Fixed an issue that caused multiple keyword errors for a bulk import to be merged.
* Fixed an issue that caused keywords added from the `wintitle Keyword Suggestion` feature to fail.
* Fixed an issue that caused filtered `keyword SearchCenter` reportets to display incorrectly in `keyword SiteCatalyst` dashboards.
This release of `keyword  SearchCenter`includes the following account-specific fixes:

**Baidu**

* Fixed an issue that prevented synchronization of a newly added group from completing in a timely manner.
**Google**

* Fixed an issue that caused delays when loading keywords into `wintitle Management` screens, with a RateExceededError message.
* Fixed an issue that displayed false error messages (CANNOT_OPERATE_ON_DELETED_CAMPAIGN_ADEXTENSION) when a sitelink ad was deleted on the engine and then synchronized with `keyword SearchCenter`.
**Microsoft Bing**

* Fixed an issue that prevented synchronization from completing in a timely manner.
* Fixed an issue that caused bulk exports to incorrectly change keyword match types.
For more information, see the [SearchCenter User Guide](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/scm/index.html).

## Test&Target {#section_67B8E13918BE4056BA7B91175C9BB96E}

This maintenance release contains the following changes and bug fixes:


* Fixed an issue where characters had to be entered in their URL-encoded versions in targeting to work. Now, the unencoded characters must be entered in targeting conditions to match correctly. All existing campaign targeting criteria have been updated to use the unencoded characters.

For the latest information, see [What's New in `keyword Test&amp;Target`](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/tnt/help/index.html#Release%20Notes).

## Genesis 3 Maintenance Release {#section_97298EF57395423299F2E8FEF64941F6}

The `keyword Genesis` 3 maintenance release (05/31/12) includes the following enhancements and fixes:

* Enhanced the ForeSee v2.0 custom wizard to help identify `wintitle Custom Questions` in the wizard.
* Fixed PHP errors and ghosting in the drag-and-drop interface
* Fixed an issue preventing you from adding a dashboard to a product if the dashboard contained an HTML or text component.
* Updated the HootSuite integration wizard with the VISTA rule option for setting an eVar.
* Fixed an issue causing variables to be renamed before the wizard is complete.
* Added the ability to export the Visitor ID so that it can be requested programmatically.
For more information, see the [Genesis Help](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/genesis/index.html).

## Insight 5.5 {#section_DE19BC92A3994081B0BC92D5A7B40767}

For the latest `keyword Insight` release notes and documentation, see [Insight Product Documentation](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/insight/insight_release_notes.pdf?cb=540).

## Search&Promote 8.8.1 {#section_B55392A523294A00A38C6980804B0362}

The `keyword Search&amp;Promote` 8.8.1 maintenance release (05/31/12) includes the following enhancements and fixes:

* Pagination was missing the next link when there was more than 1000 results and the totals were comma separated.
* Pagination was displaying GSPAGENAVPLACEHOLDER in the search results instead to the actual pagination.
* Removed footer from the Visual Rule Builder.
* Breadcrumbs now use facet slots display name instead of the abstract slot facet name.
* Adobe Scene7: You can now edit a parameter the second time around.
* Facet slots display name did not come back properly when the facet is a sticky facet (or multi-select) and is selected.
* `codeph &lt;search-description&gt;` tag showed the body instead when the metatag for the description had empty content.
* Exposed Guided Search Requests under Reports &gt; Search Requests.
For the latest `keyword Search&amp;Promote` documentation, see [Search&amp;Promote Documentation Home](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/snp/index.html).

## Survey 3.2 Maintenance Release {#section_2BF8F569310C4BAFA2D90A7F0721E0FD}

The Survey 3.2 maintenance release (05/31/12) includes the following fix:

* Fixed an issue that caused a blank survey to display when a user exits a web page.
For more information, see the [Survey User Guide](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/survey/index.html?f=c_Release_Notes).

## Recommendations 2.10 {#section_A388672077FF4714810FD7AB69D52383}

For the latest Recommendations documentation, see [What's New in `keyword Recommendations`](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/rec/#Release Notes).

## Scene7 {#section_04065C367D324E6BBB0387002D2EC146}

For the latest `keyword Scene7` release information, [Scene7 Publishing System Release Notes](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/s7/release_notes/index.html).

## Publish {#section_18B0D5DA442342A6AFEFDCCF88B4B71E}

For the latest `keyword Publish` release information, see the [Publish Release Notes](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/publish/publish_whatsnew.pdf).

