---
description: Learn about new features and fixes in the Adobe Marketing Cloud.
keywords: release notes
seo-description: Learn about new features and fixes in the Adobe Marketing Cloud.
seo-title: Release Notes - September 2016
solution: Experience Cloud,Release Notes
title: Release Notes - September 2016
uuid: 161d7263-2ffb-4d9f-b1a7-785363387d72
index: n
internal: n
snippet: y
translate: y
---

# Release Notes - September 2016

Learn about new features and fixes in the Adobe Marketing Cloud.

>[!NOTE]
>
>To receive release notes one week prior to the monthly product update, subscribe to the [Adobe Priority Product Update](https://www.adobe.com/subscription/priority-product-update.html). Release information in the Priority Product Update comes one week in advance of the release date. Please check back at release time for updates. 


**September 2016** 

## Experience Cloud

### Marketing Cloud 16.8.1 {#marketing_cloud_interface}

New features and fixes in the [!DNL  Adobe Marketing Cloud] interface and core services. 

Release date: **September 15, 2016**

<table id="table_4E4B34EEE3D94D78BA1A1FBC62950559"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Feature </th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Marketing Cloud Triggers </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> Triggers bring together Analytics and Campaign, enabling marketers to define and monitor key consumer behaviors, and then generate cross-solution communication for use in real-time decisions and personalization. For example, you can create triggers for: </p> 
    <ul id="ul_0B0893E7C7404528A33DC3AF5B600E21"> 
     <li id="li_A6E0A6DCE5554A54BB9528E32E1BF81A">Re-marketing for cart abandons or cart abandons with products removed. </li> 
     <li id="li_7DA4D06F70964E34872265B77F9F6526">Session start or session end events. </li> 
     <li id="li_AB9A28929C6444C9A7E555A48431DED6">Any actions or sequence of actions on site, such as incomplete forms and applications. </li> 
    </ul> <p>Configuration: </p> 
    <ul id="ul_3113B4C40D6E458CAB4C6ECA2A95A4BE"> 
     <li id="li_B98B6922063645E2BA78833D27425F08"> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mcloud/triggers.html" format="html" scope="external"> Create triggers from Analytics data </a> at <span class="uicontrol"> Marketing Cloud </span> &gt; <span class="uicontrol"> Activation </span> &gt; <span class="uicontrol"> Triggers </span>. </li> 
     <li id="li_0D59BEB032754E08985C14A5BC11FD93">Use these triggers for <a href="https://docs.campaign.adobe.com/doc/standard/en/EMA_Real-time_marketing_Remarketing_Triggers.html" format="html" scope="external"> real-time remarketing </a> in <span class="keyword"> Adobe Campaign </span>. </li> 
    </ul> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

See [Marketing Cloud Product Documentation](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mcloud/) for product help. 

### Marketing Cloud ID Service {#mcvid}

This release increments the ID service code to version 1.8.0. It includes the following features, bug fixes, and other changes. 

**Fixes and Improvements** 

Added ` disableThirdPartyCalls` as an optional, Boolean flag you can set in the ` Visitor.getInstance` function. When ` disableThirdPartyCalls= true`, the ID service will not make calls to other domains. By default, ` disableThirdPartyCalls= false`. See [disableThirdPartyCalls](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mcvid/?f=mcvid-disablethirdpartycalls.html). (MCID-51) 

See [Marketing Cloud ID Services](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mcvid/) product documentation. 

### Adobe Mobile Services {#mobile}

<table id="table_519893D8565A4D489CB13D5EAF1E9325"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Feature </th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Android: In-App Messaging </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Added a new message type that opens a deep link URI. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Android: Tracking Deep Links </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Added the ability to enable tracking of 3rd party deferred deep links. </p> <p> 
     <ul id="ul_DA54F09098A546B6A320E6B9F2937DAD"> 
      <li id="li_B483AEBE02F34E21B2CC731FC77448E8"> <span class="codeph"> processAdobeDeepLink </span> </li> 
     </ul> </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>iOS: In-App Messaging </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Added a new message type that opens a deep link URI. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

See [Adobe Mobile Services](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mobile/) for product documentation. To see the release notes for previous releases, expand *Previous Release Notes* in the left pane. 

## Analytics

Release date: **September 15, 2016**

### Important Notices for Analytics Administrators {#analytics_notices}

>[!IMPORTANT]
>
>Review the following table for important Analytics notices that may affect data collection, processing, APIs, product end-of-life, and so on.

<table id="table_1207853963C64C5E95E85E9B34B6FCFE"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Notice </th> 
   <th colname="col02" class="entry"> Date Added or Updated </th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> Schedule Traffic Spike Deadline </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col02"> <p>September 23, 2016 </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> If you have report suites that you expect to receive increased traffic during the holiday season (particularly Black Friday, Cyber Monday, Christmas, or New Year's), please <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/reference/t_traffic_schedule_spike.html" format="html" scope="external"> schedule traffic spikes </a> as soon as possible. </p> <p>See <a href="https://helpx.adobe.com/analytics/kb/importance-of-scheduling-traffic-spikes.html" format="html" scope="external"> Importance of Scheduling Traffic Spikes </a> for more information. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Ad Hoc Analysis - Java 1.7. </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col02"> <p>September 15, 2016 </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>In the upcoming October 2016 release, you must use Java 1.7 or later to launch Ad Hoc Analysis. </p> <p>If you use Java version 1.6 or earlier, you will see an error message, "Unable to Launch the Application." (On the error message, you can view the Java version that you are using by clicking <span class="uicontrol"> Details </span>, then click the <span class="uicontrol"> Console </span> tab.) </p> 
</td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Analytics API 1.3 deprecation. </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col02"> <p>September 15, 2016 </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> Analytics APIs version 1.3 will be officially deprecated as of September 15, 2016. To prevent disruption, Adobe recommends upgrading to the latest API versions as soon as possible. </p> <p>See the <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/developer/get-started/api-support-policy" format="https" scope="external"> API Support Policy </a> page for more information. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Analytics for Target processing time increased by 30 seconds. </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col02"> <p>August 19, 2016 </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>To achieve a higher visitor match rate between Adobe Analytics and Adobe Target, we have increased the amount of time data is held in processing from 30 seconds to 60 seconds. This change only affects customers using the Marketing Cloud ID service, AppMeasurement for Analytics, and who have Target implemented on their pages. (AN-128584) </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Legacy Alerts </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col02"> <p>August 18, 2016 </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Several features of existing Analytics alerts will not be included in the new <span class="wintitle"> Alert Manager </span>, which will be released (as part of <span class="wintitle"> Analysis Workspace </span>) in the Fall of 2016. </p> <p> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/sc/user/deprecated_alerts.html" format="html" scope="external"> Legacy Alerts Migration </a> lists the deprecated alert features and some alert features that will be migrated to the new Alert Manager in a different form. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Data Warehouse request settings </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col02"> <p>August 18, 2016 </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>In the September 2016 Maintenance Release, Data Warehouse will add a new request setting that will enable Data Warehouse to send empty files when there is no data in the report. This settings will be enabled by default. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>AppMeasurement 1.6.3 and Visitor API 1.6.0 </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col02"> <p>August 4, 2016 </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Version 1.6.0 of the <span class="keyword"> Marketing Cloud </span> ID service <i>requires</i> AppMeasurement for JavaScript version 1.6.3 or higher. If you want to upgrade to version 1.6.0 of the Marketing Cloud ID service, please make sure you are using AppMeasurement code verison 1.6.3 or higher. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>AppMeasurement for Flash - Security update </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col02"> <p>April 21, 2016 </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> 
<p>Adobe has released a <a href="https://helpx.adobe.com/security/products/analytics/apsb16-13.html" format="https" scope="external"> security update APSB16-13 </a> for the <span class="term"> AppMeasurement for Flash </span> library. This update resolves an important vulnerability in the library, applicable only when <span class="codeph"> debugTracking </span> is enabled, that could be abused to conduct <a href="https://www.owasp.org/index.php/DOM_Based_XSS" format="https" scope="external"> DOM-based XSS attacks </a>. </p> <p> <p class="important">Note:  This issue affects <span class="term"> AppMeasurement for Flash </span> only when <span class="codeph"> debugTracking </span> has been enabled ( <span class="codeph"> debugTracking </span> is disabled in the default configuration). <b>If affected, we strongly advise you to disable <span class="codeph"> debugTracking </span> immediately.</b> Here is some sample code: </p> </p> 
    <codeblock> 
     public&nbsp;var&nbsp;s:AppMeasurement; 
     s&nbsp;=&nbsp;new&nbsp;AppMeasurement(); 
     s.debugTracking&nbsp;=&nbsp;false;&nbsp;//&nbsp;set&nbsp;to&nbsp;false&nbsp;or&nbsp;remove&nbsp;line 
     &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;//&nbsp;for&nbsp;default&nbsp;"disabled”&nbsp;behavior 
      
    </codeblock> <p>Affected versions are <span class="term"> AppMeasurement for Flash </span> version 4.0 and earlier on all platforms. </p> <p>Note:  Due to security reasons, we will no longer be distributing an AS2 version of <i>AppMeasurement for Flash</i>. We will continue to support data collection from existing AS2-based projects. However, we highly recommend that customers upgrade their implementations to AS3 and incorporate the latest security features of <i>AppMeasurement for Flash</i>. </p> <p> <span class="term"> AppMeasurement for Flash </span> customers affected by this issue must rebuild projects with the updated library available for download from the Analytics Console <a href="https://help.adobe.com/en_US/Flex/4.0/UsingFlashBuilder/WS6f97d7caa66ef6eb1e63e3d11b6c4d0d21-7feb.html#WS6f97d7caa66ef6eb1e63e3d11b6c4d0d21-7f88" format="http" scope="external"> More… </a> (AN-121780) </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>SiteCatalyst 14, ExcelClient, etc. end of life in September 2016 </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col02"> <p>March 17, 2016 </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>SiteCatalyst 14, ExcelClient, and a number of other legacy components will reach end-of-life in September 2016. </p> <p>This means that all access to the SiteCatalyst 14 user interface and several related features will be removed. To prepare for this event, view <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/sc/user/upgr_home.html" format="https" scope="external"> this list </a> of affected components, along with required user actions and suggestions on how to move forward with alternatives. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> Changes to visit processing for timestamped data </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col02"> <p>March 17, 2016 </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> In June, we will begin improving to the way visits are calculated for Timestamps Required and Timestamps Optional report suites. These changes will primarily affect data collected through Mobile SDKs and will result in lower overall visit counts going forward, in certain situations. </p> <p> Learn more in <a href="https://helpx.adobe.com/analytics/kb/compare-visits-and-mobile-app-launches.html" format="https" scope="external"> Compare visits and mobile app launches </a>. </p> <p> To see which report suites might be affected, see <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/reference/timestamp-optional.html" format="https" scope="external"> Timestamps Optional </a>. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Data processing change between February and March MRs </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col02"> <p>February 18, 2016 </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Sometime between the February and March Maintenance Releases, the following <span class="wintitle"> Analytics </span> data processing change was implemented: </p> <p>Previously, when using the Product variable without having an event set, the event would default to "ProdView", set early in processing (before processing rules take effect). The event is now set after the processing rules to avoid conflicts with how mobile data processing works. This change has the following downstream effects: </p> 
    <ul id="ul_E85DDAAFE9654D8A9B635FDCE8E4FA7E"> 
     <li id="li_A18A2DAE2A97440D977A745E7C99404E">ProdViews are no longer inflated because of hits where context data is generating events (especially in Mobile). Going forward, an event will be set at the time in data processing when the ProdView would have been set (without a set event.) </li> 
     <li id="li_75F4B73AE98241E3A900A526460CD70D">Any VISTA rule that has logic depending on a ProdView event being set on a hit might need to be reviewed to see if changes to the VISTA rule are needed. This is because ProdView events might be set on fewer hits than they previously were, because ProdView is set earlier in the processing pipeline. This change may or may not impact what is desired from the VISTA rule. </li> 
    </ul> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Elimination of hashed values in Data Feeds </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col02"> <p>February 18, 2016 </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>In certain circumstances, hashed values ( <span class="codeph"> ::hash::&amp;lt;hash value&amp;gt; </span>) may appear in data feeds for the following types of variables: </p> 
    <ul id="ul_A5A28649622E453585175B26012B05D5"> 
     <li id="li_2D74AB5476FC4363BD6C4F3AC171E216"> Merchandising eVars in post_product_list </li> 
     <li id="li_47060365639045E3A7FC541C266791D5"> List Vars (called <span class="varname"> post_mvvar1-3 </span>, <span class="varname"> post_tnt </span>, and <span class="varname"> post_survey </span>) </li> 
     <li id="li_2A5CC960FB994E279EBB2E0BB64BBC64"> Marketing Channel details. The tracking code for the Marketing Channels reports (called <span class="varname"> va_finder_detail </span> and <span class="varname"> va_closer_detail </span>) </li> 
    </ul> <p>A change is being implemented that eliminates hashed values over time, and replaces them with actual values. </p> <p> <b>Note:</b> The max size of any particular value is 100 bytes or 255 bytes. For fields that support multiple values, such as <span class="varname"> post_product_list </span> and List Vars, the max size of those fields is 64k. Therefore, if you are passing in a large number of values, some of the values may be lost as the field will be truncated at 64k. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Web Services v 1.2 API end-of-life </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col02"> <p>February 18, 2016 </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Version 1.2 of the Web Services API was officially deprecated on February 20, 2014. It will reach end-of-life on September 15, 2016. At that time, Adobe will remove the ability of the API servers to respond to version 1.2 API requests. Any API requests made to the <span class="filepath"> https://api.omniture.com/admin/1.2 </span> endpoint will return a 410 error. Customers have until the end-of-life date to upgrade from the version 1.2 API to the version 1.4 API to prevent an outage in their API applications. 
     <!--https://jira.corp.adobe.com/browse/AN-118670--></p> <p> Analytics APIs version 1.3 will be officially deprecated as of September 15, 2016. To prevent disruption, Adobe recommends upgrading to the latest API versions as soon as possible. </p> <p>See the <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/developer/get-started/api-support-policy" format="https" scope="external"> API Support Policy </a> page for more information. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

### New Features in Analytics {#features_analytics}

<table id="table_91D1FD20C4C1411292252364328677AF"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Feature </th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Time Zone Selection for Virtual Report Suites </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>You can now choose a time zone when creating a virtual report suite. </p> <p>If you choose one, it will be saved along with the virtual report suite. If you do not choose one, the time zone of the parent report suite is used. </p> <p>When editing a virtual report suite, the time zone that it was created with displays in the drop-down selector. If the virtual report suite was created before time zone support was added, the parent report suite's time zone is displayed in the drop-down selector. </p> <p>Also, if you create a virtual report suite with a time zone that differs from the parent report suite's time zone, and then copy that virtual report suite, the copied virtual report suite will reference the parent report suite's time zone unless you manually update the time zone. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Permission Changes in Analysis Workspace (AN-125014) </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>The following permission changes were implemented for Analysis Workspace. </p> <p>Previously, you needed the following permissions to create segments or metrics in Analysis Workspace: </p> 
    <ul id="ul_E31EDD5966BA4114B39C472399A8BAFE"> 
     <li id="li_AA9697F4267F4D33816785E170D31303">Segment creation </li> 
     <li id="li_068CAB35E810448BAC0FB7E5F77348A5">Calculated metric creation </li> 
     <li id="li_FF6AF50592B64BC0AB2619212E003BC0">Create/Curate projects in Analysis Workspace </li> 
    </ul> <p>With this release, you only need these permissions: </p> 
    <ul id="ul_5A68F2F72D9C4EB59E62983E3104E6F7"> 
     <li id="li_D50D001620D24EBD9774608A019EAAB9">Segment creation </li> 
     <li id="li_31858007308C4F199D7843DD1D7AA2D7">Calculated metric creation </li> 
    </ul> <p>If you want to restrict your non-admin users from creating new segments and metrics in curated Analysis Workspace projects, use the permission setting to limit the relevant group’s ability to create segments and metrics. </p> <p>These permissions are accessible via 
     <span class="ignoretag"> 
      <span class="uicontrol"> Admin </span>  &gt; 
      <span class="uicontrol"> User Management </span>  &gt; 
      <span class="uicontrol"> Groups </span>  &gt; 
      <span class="uicontrol"> [click group] </span>  &gt; 
      <span class="uicontrol"> Report Access </span>  &gt; 
      <span class="uicontrol"> Advanced Reporting </span> 
     </span>. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Dimension name change in Segment Builder </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>The Full Domain dimension in the Segment Builder has been renamed to <span class="term"> Domains </span> to match the permission name. (AN-129355) </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Data Warehouse Updates </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> 
    <ul id="ul_4E34357C5DB94CA891D228031C039BAC"> 
     <li id="li_C0707E679311438A9DE5DE1F6C943DE4">New setting for delivering empty <span class="wintitle"> Data Warehouse </span> files. This setting delivers empty <span class="wintitle"> Data Warehouse </span> reports containing only a header row when there are no rows in the result set. (AN-126249). </li> 
     <li id="li_F9778FD17DDE4485BFC1F8BA5E03A3F8">New <span class="wintitle"> Date Started </span> field set to the report suite's time zone. The start date and completed date represent the round trip time. (AN-126155) </li> 
     <li id="li_4ACEC4300F4A4F26AFB337CA8F8A28DF">Timezone overrides have been enabled for Virtual Report Suites. </li> 
    </ul> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Activity Map Updates </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> 
    <ul id="ul_3DEC443FD4184009914A38F2485D751E"> 
     <li id="li_2E917821CC34424EAC5CCF48624652E7"> <span class="wintitle"> Activity Map </span> now supports web sites that default their page name to their page URL. (AN-129703) </li> 
     <li id="li_A7026C3D1D3840228B7F3E3528F07123"> <span class="wintitle"> Activity Map </span> now supports all calculated metric formats (decimal, time, percent, and currency) in the <span class="wintitle"> Links on Page </span> report, the Bubble and Gradient overlays, and the <span class="wintitle"> Overlay Details </span> panel. (AN-124059) </li> 
    </ul> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

### Analytics Fixes {#analyticsfixes}

Fixes were applied to the following products and services: 

<table id="table_A51B298EEEB5482383505B8C5A79E1B9"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Product </th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Fixes </th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> Reports &amp; Analytics </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> 
    <ul id="ul_7CC12EBCEBD943B1B329594D13DCF66C"> 
     <li id="li_294227DF6E1346F18F5FA38805A5C2C3">Mobile device breakdowns for reports are no longer available for certain reports. As a workaround, run the <span class="wintitle"> Device Report </span> and add the relevant metric to the report. ( AN-126460) </li> 
     <li id="li_02DFDE01795C47C7B1736A5ECFD0D848">Fixed a segmentation issue where segments that involved dates that were outside the date range of the report suite did not work properly. (AN-123911) </li> 
     <li id="li_32D6981F7FB444248EA448DCC9B3031E">Fixed a segment editing error occurring if the segment owner had been deleted. Deleted segment owners now show up as <span class="term"> Unknown User </span> in the log. (AN-129554) </li> 
     <li id="li_2DB137A2C3D4442F8DF65F11758FBE0D">Fixed a dashboard issue that prevented the download of dashboards that contained fallout reportlets with non-existing checkpoints. (AN-123380) </li> 
     <li id="li_DC9FE77F0BE34CAF888E1E1ECA30E514">Fixed an issue with editing virtual report suites - an error was thrown when no changes were made and Save was clicked. (AN-128077) </li> 
    </ul> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> Analysis Workspace </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> 
    <ul id="ul_9DD79A9FD0014CA285E372FAD2BF9FE2"> 
     <li id="li_BE8C3497AA9A4FCA855130A0C7157F12">Fixed an issue that prevented the <span class="term"> Send File Now </span> functionality to work properly. (AN-128055, AN-128057) </li> 
     <li id="li_6B38119EF3714058B75ADE1B0CF436E5">Fixed an issue that let administrators click <span class="term"> Delete </span> more than once when deleting a user, thereby causing Analysis Workspace projects to disappear. (AN-127911) </li> 
     <li id="li_C1B31221503F4F03AAD25E61A1F9C8AE">Fixed an issue that prevented curated and shared Analysis Workspace projects from showing the same data to different users. (AN-126558) </li> 
     <li id="li_3EB2B07BD0EF424AA8361B17D5788503">Fixed an issue with downloading Analysis Workspace projects in <span class="filepath"> .pdf </span> format. (AN-127277) </li> 
    </ul> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> Data Warehouse </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> 
    <ul id="ul_9A4E12DD7F254411AA9452735D63CA80"> 
     <li id="li_A06DD2F318FF4187A23786FB44E2A8E6">Fixed an issue that caused the time zone for <span class="codeph"> date_scheduled </span> to be incorrectly calculated. (AN-126155) </li> 
     <li id="li_1275EB4FC5D84D04832D9DF8DB5DEDA8">Segments containing literal backslashes, tabs, or newline characters in string rules are now evaluated correctly. (AN-129552) </li> 
    </ul> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> Data Sources </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> 
     <ul id="ul_9A5FC169793F4266922D1352CF0428AE"> 
      <li id="li_D46A0F2C1481431BA3E8E076BA1C9FE0"> Fixed an issue in rule builder where rule sets would not activate. (AN-127762) </li> 
     </ul> </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> AppMeasurement (Legacy and Mobile SDKs) </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> 
 <p> <b> <span class="keyword"> AppMeasurement </span> for JavaScript</b> </p> <p>Version <b>1.7.0</b></p> <p> 
     <ul id="ul_3F8A5E32DCAE4339A06A737F820894DC"> 
      <li id="li_ADB542CB863E416F98860843F739790E"> Update AppMeaurement Audience Manager Module with DIL 6.5 and Additional Configurations (AN-129411) </li> 
      <li id="li_66D2B0EB7C5E4B05A09C02D5A0B49F99">Inclusion of <a href="../../c-legacy-releases/2016/09152016.md#mcvid" format="dita" scope="local"> Visitor API 1.8.0 </a> (AN-129887) </li> 
     </ul> </p> <p> <b> <span class="keyword"> AppMeasurement </span> for Other Platforms</b> </p> <p>See <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/sc/appmeasurement/release/index.html" scope="external" format="https"> AppMeasurement Release History </a> the following for a release history of <span class="keyword"> AppMeasurement </span> on the following platforms: </p> 
    <ul id="ul_B20AE0B814074E7887113D26F71AF819"> 
     <li id="li_0E5778051926414F8EF1310EE31C5279">JavaScript </li> 
     <li id="li_D2B8E769EE444CBC9B06305DAE4B225D">iOS </li> 
     <li id="li_B4882878F13E47A189CB24300F5E02E3">Android </li> 
     <li id="li_30AFDC29D0494DCE9F5A5483DC1949DA">Flash-Flex </li> 
     <li id="li_856331E040C54418B4E86248AB3DD709">OSX </li> 
     <li id="li_24991A6893F24277BEBE304402188053">Windows Phone, XBOX, Silverlight, and .NET </li> 
     <li id="li_3DAEC196557B4DC980E65CC1063F2010">BlackBerry </li> 
     <li id="li_0F692A16727E495AA441355F6E86BC9C">Java </li> 
     <li id="li_F6CB5C9C1E384E2E8F61A0C169A65587">PHP </li> 
     <li id="li_B495C8F3A90C4C7F9D9CF97C8EC548D6">Symbian </li> 
    </ul> 
 <p> <b>See Also:</b> <a href="../../c-legacy-releases/2016/09152016.md#mcvid" format="dita" scope="local"> Marketing Cloud ID Service </a> (formerly <span class="term"> visitor ID service </span>) </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> Analytics Web Services (SOAP and REST APIs) </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> <b>Deprecation Notice</b> </p> <p> Version 1.2 of the Web Services API was officially deprecated on February 20, 2014. It will reach end-of-life on September 15, 2016. At that time, Adobe will remove the ability of the API servers to respond to version 1.2 API requests. Any API requests made to the <span class="filepath"> https://api.omniture.com/admin/1.2 </span> endpoint will return a 410. 
     <!--https://jira.corp.adobe.com/browse/AN-118670; run this notice until Sept.--></p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> Data Workbench </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>See <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/insight/whatsnew/" format="https" scope="external"> Data Workbench Release Notes </a>. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

<table id="table_A6749BA62D5B40479B949EA1C64E4B7F"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Feature </th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Addressable Audience 1.1 enhancement </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>This update improves the accuracy of segment-level addressable audience and presents the current segment-level audience reach for campaign planning and review. See <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/aam/addressable-audiences.html" format="https" scope="external"> Addressable Audiences </a>. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

**Fixes and Enhancements** 

* Fixed an issue where the Help Modal was not working on the [!UICONTROL  Profile Merge Rules] page. (AAM-25712)
* Fixed an issue in [!UICONTROL  Audience Lab] where no warning would appear that you have not mapped all selected destinations when navigating to "Finalize" step. (AAM-25877)
* Fixed an issue in [!UICONTROL  Audience Lab] where "Invalid date" would show on the Test Group Information page when no end date was specified on the [!UICONTROL  Destination Mappings] page. (AAM-26016)
* Fixed an issue in [!UICONTROL  Audience Lab] where, in the edit baseline segment modal, [object Object] would appear instead of the baseline segment creator. (AAM-26057)
* Fixed an issue where for [!UICONTROL  Audience Lab] and [!UICONTROL  Profile Merge], "Adobe Audience Manager | undefined" would appear in the browser tab title. (AAM-26091)
* Fixed an issue in the Create Test Groups flow in [!UICONTROL  Audience Lab] where no warning message would appear in case you left any destinations unmapped. (AAM-26109)
* Fixed an issue when you tried to edit [!UICONTROL  Destinations], an alert box would appear and the Destination could not be edited. (AAM-26191)

**Improvements** 

* Removed the "OK_With_Unused_Signals" error from the error list in the Onboarding Status Report. (AAM-25240)
* In [!UICONTROL  Audience Lab], we now remind you to download the CSVs before deleting any Segment Test Groups. (AAM-25581)
* The API now returns more accurate Segment Addressable Audience numbers. (AAM-25460)
* The Destination and Segments pages now show actual numbers instead of estimated numbers for Segment Addressable Audience. (AAM-25461)

**Fixes, Enhancements, and Deprecations** 

* [!UICONTROL  Publish Anywhere] has replaced [!UICONTROL  Publisher]. [Get familiar with the improved features.](https://marketing-resource-help.s3.amazonaws.com/resources/help/en_US/social/Publisher%20Update.pdf)
* New Facebook page-level and post-level video metrics are available. [View new metrics.](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/social/c_fb-video-metrics.html)
* A post retweeted from within [!DNL  Adobe Social] now appears the same as when it is retweeted natively in Twitter.  For more information, see [Moderate an Individual Tweet](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/social/t_mod_individual_tweet.html) and [Post a Quoted Tweet](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/social/t_post-quoted-retweet.html).
* Social tags will be available in Adobe Analytics after October 1 (exact date TBD).
    * After October 1, [!DNL  Adobe Social] users will be able to use [social tags](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/social/c_settings_tag_manr.html) to classify outbound content and report on this content within [!DNL  Adobe Analytics]. To get on this list for access to this new feature, please contact your [!DNL  Adobe Social] account manager or Social Support. From there you will receive updates on next steps regarding gaining access as well as enablement assistance.
* Fixed an issue within [!UICONTROL  Post Analytics] where the filter was unable to distinguish between images and links posted on LinkedIn.
* Fixed an issue where publishing a post with an attached link would post without the link.

## Target

Refer to the [Adobe Target Release Notes](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/target/rn/) for the latest release information about the following products: 

* Target Standard and Premium
* Target Classic
* Recommendations Classic

## Campaign

[!DNL  Adobe Campaign] provides an intuitive, automated way to deliver one-to-one messages across online and offline marketing channels. You can now anticipate what your clients want using experiences determined by their habits and preferences. 

For product documentation, see: 

**Adobe Campaign Standard** 

* [Adobe Campaign Standard Release Notes](https://docs.campaign.adobe.com/doc/standard/en/RN.html)
* [Adobe Campaign Standard Documentation](https://docs.campaign.adobe.com/doc/standard/en/home.html)

**Adobe Campaign V6** 

* [Adobe Campaign v6 Release Notes](https://docs.campaign.adobe.com/doc/AC6.1/en/RN.html)
* [Adobe Campaign v6 Documentation](https://docs.campaign.adobe.com/doc/AC6.1/en/home.html)

## Experience Manager

Adobe recommends customers with on-premise deployments to deploy the latest patches to ensure higher stability, security, and performance. 

<table id="table_5AB641198DF34491AE6D411A9BA32B51"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry"></th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Title </th> 
   <th colname="col3" class="entry"> Description </th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1" morerows="2"> <p> <b>Product releases</b> </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>AEM Communities Feature Packs </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p> <a href="https://docs.adobe.com/docs/en/aem/6-2/release-notes/communities.html#Feature%20Pack%201" format="https" scope="external"> Communities 6.2 Feature Pack 1 </a> and <a href="https://docs.adobe.com/docs/en/aem/6-1/release-notes/communities.html#Feature%20Pack%205" format="https" scope="external"> 6.1 Feature Pack 5 </a> released on August 30, 2016. The release includes the following: </p> 
    <ul id="ul_D560F15F3ED64CD69E3D32CC48AA2740"> 
     <li id="li_43180B2A97AF49DD820978776DFE95D1">Adobe Social Resource Provider. </li> 
     <li id="li_1F479A90D5354A01A209FF083D507DBB">Social Component Framework Enhancements. </li> 
     <li id="li_64A4A029E43D4BDABFB8F677B6799749">Bulk Moderation. </li> 
     <li id="li_D0BAD5C6DCDF47EDB285050E0ADFDE2C">Turnkey Community Sites. </li> 
     <li id="li_ED2EE64CB05143559D007F466EDD03C0">Platform updates and Samples. </li> 
    </ul> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Mobile 2016.11 </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p> <a href="https://helpx.adobe.com/digital-publishing-solution/help/whats-new.html" format="https" scope="external"> Mobile update release </a>. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Livefyre releases </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p> <a href="https://answers.livefyre.com/developers/reference/release-notes/september-1-2016/" format="https" scope="external"> Livefyre update release </a>. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1" morerows="3"> <p> <b>Product maintenance releases</b> </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>S3 Connector </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p> <a href="https://repo.adobe.com/nexus/content/groups/public/com/adobe/granite/com.adobe.granite.oak.s3connector/1.4.4/" format="https" scope="external"> Version 1.4.4 of the S3 Connector </a> is available for <a href="https://docs.adobe.com/docs/en/aem/6-2/deploy/platform/data-store-config.html#Data%20Store%20Configurations" format="https" scope="external"> AEM 6.2 </a>. </p> <p> <a href="https://www.adobeaemcloud.com/content/marketplace/marketplaceProxy.html?packagePath=/content/companies/public/adobe/packages/granite/com.adobe.granite.oak.s3connector" format="https" scope="external"> Version 1.2.2 of the S3 Connector </a> is available for <a href="https://docs.adobe.com/docs/en/aem/6-1/deploy/platform/data-store-config.html#Data%20Store%20Configurations" format="https" scope="external"> AEM 6.1 </a>. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>AEM 6.1 Service Pack 2 </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>AEM 6.1 Service Pack 2 includes the following: </p> 
    <ul id="ul_83264665F5074087B793358B37CBDFB8"> 
     <li id="li_FBCCCBAF5F0D4478A9432ED1DDB2B48D">The built-in repository (Apache Jackrabbit Oak) is now updated to version 1.2.16. </li> 
     <li id="li_0FBFB1A818D745489F0E5FF6F3BB44D3"> Improvements were made between Oak versions 1.2.7 (included in AEM 6.1 SP1) and 1.2.16 (included in SP2). </li> 
     <li id="li_D414073C0B3E473E9B3352649C2B48C2">Removal of discrepancies and errors in the process editing presets of assets. </li> 
     <li id="li_D8B8C9D43F804D44875D6D343AD630CE"> Increased responsiveness of the author modes and improved functional components in Sites, such as the carousel component. </li> 
    </ul> <p>For more information, see <a href="https://docs.adobe.com/docs/en/aem/6-1/release-notes-sp2.html" format="https" scope="external"> AEM 6.1 SP2 release notes </a>. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>AEM 6.1 Cumulative Fix Pack 1 </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>To improve the customer experience for maintaining AEM, the hot fix delivery model for AEM is changing for AEM 6.1. </p> <p>Instead of releasing hot fixes for single issues, a CFP (Cumulative Fix Pack) is planned for release every month. A CFP has the following advantages for single hot fixes: </p> 
    <ul id="ul_DFA24E2E62124EC4AF43F3FB7DC83A04"> 
     <li id="li_1C01F055E5CB42F996C811B248AA161C"> Increased level of quality assurance. </li> 
     <li id="li_53AAAC84D1BF4DEE94101BC843A26231"> Simplified installation experience. That is, no dependencies except the latest Service Pack. </li> 
     <li id="li_CF7AC6D480744E72B9AE90AD320CFEAA">It is a cumulative package. For example, CFP 3 will contain all the fixes from CFP 2 and CFP 1. </li> 
    </ul> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>AEM hot fixes </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>The following new hot fixes are available: </p> <p> <a href="https://helpx.adobe.com/experience-manager/kb/aem62-available-hotfixes.html" format="https" scope="external"> AEM 6.2 </a> - <a href="https://www.adobeaemcloud.com/content/marketplace/marketplaceProxy.html?packagePath=/content/companies/public/adobe/packages/cq620/hotfix/cq-6.2.0-hotfix-11687" format="https" scope="external"> Hot fix 11687 </a> - Oak 1.4.5. </p> <p> <a href="https://helpx.adobe.com/experience-manager/kb/aem61-available-hotfixes.html" format="https" scope="external"> AEM 6.1 </a> - <a href="https://www.adobeaemcloud.com/content/marketplace/marketplaceProxy.html?packagePath=/content/companies/public/adobe/packages/cq610/hotfix/cq-6.1.0-hotfix-11309" format="https" scope="external"> Hot fix 11309 </a> - Oak 1.2.17. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1" morerows="1"> <p> <b>Self-help</b> </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>AEM 6.2 documentation updates </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> 
    <ul id="ul_D96A5D1E735B4901BABEA05D8A9E6EFA"> 
     <li id="li_EE55530EDCA74B46B1D33FC76EB9C9CB">Improved <a href="https://docs.adobe.com/docs/en/aem/6-2/manage/seo-and-url-management.html" format="https" scope="external"> AEM 6-2 SEO and URL documentation </a>. </li> 
     <li id="li_7E1C4AB24A9349DBB73931439361333E">Improved <a href="https://docs.adobe.com/docs/en/aem/6-2/administer/operations/workflows.html" format="https" scope="external"> Administering Workflows documentation </a> including the following: 
      <ul id="ul_CF3172CD72C544568BDDBCD716CC236D"> 
       <li id="li_ED2F5FE91A2F40338DE68266102F60A3"> <a href="https://docs.adobe.com/docs/en/aem/6-2/administer/operations/workflows/starting.html" format="https" scope="external"> Starting Workflows </a>. </li> 
       <li id="li_5DE2431A25324CD0A6847054DDC934D0"> <a href="https://docs.adobe.com/docs/en/aem/6-2/administer/operations/workflows/administering.html" format="https" scope="external"> Administering Workflow Instances </a>. </li> 
       <li id="li_486938554B1349B8A491D3F063AAB9AF"> <a href="https://docs.adobe.com/docs/en/aem/6-2/administer/operations/workflows/managing.html" format="https" scope="external"> Managing Access to Workflows </a>. </li> 
      </ul></li> 
     <li id="li_D4C13E2832F043BB9E6D7162CE3A3558">Improvements to the MSM documentation, including the following: 
      <ul id="ul_3D85404B9AD24487BE263AB7B31B8737"> 
       <li id="li_365BEB177433473EB7A1529B763C09B2"> <a href="https://docs.adobe.com/docs/en/aem/6-2/administer/sites/msm.html#Live%20Copies%20-%20Composition" format="https" scope="external"> MSM - Live Copies - Composition </a>. </li> 
       <li id="li_4203347E427C4A5EA987624D3E877CEB"> <a href="https://docs.adobe.com/docs/en/aem/6-2/develop/extending/msm.html#Overview%20of%20the%20Java%20API" format="https" scope="external"> Extending MSM - Overview of the Java API </a>. </li> 
      </ul></li> 
     <li id="li_E27BC24D2F9B4436876285B4F359211D">The <a href="https://docs.adobe.com/content/docs/en/aem/6-2/develop/dev-tools/ht-projects-maven.html" format="https" scope="external"> AEM 6.2 UberJar </a>, containing all public Java APIs exposed by Adobe Experience Manager is now publicly available and documented. </li> 
     <li id="li_A33D888F09AF42F6AF35078BE5DE0DB8"> <a href="https://docs.adobe.com/docs/en/aem/6-2/administer/content/assets/best-practices-for-assets.html" format="https" scope="external"> Assets Best Practices </a> - Best practices for Assets performance tuning, Sizing, Migration, and Network Considerations. These best practices provide knowledge about processes and tools to build and manage an enterprise asset management system that meets your needs. </li> 
     <li id="li_C14CA2284BDE4209B251D8E88DDC305A"> <a href="https://docs.adobe.com/content/docs/en/aem/6-2/deploy/maintenance-release-vehicle-definitions.html" format="https" scope="external"> Maintenance Release Vehicle Definitions </a> - Details about the various types of Adobe Experience Manager releases, including full releases, feature packs, and services packs that Adobe delivers to customers. </li> 
     <li id="li_A918A3346B7A4048B3CFE59ABD9234B4">A new <a href="https://docs.adobe.com/content/docs/en/aem/recent-documentation-updates.html" format="https" scope="external"> Recent Documentation Updates </a> page was created for AEM 6.2, AEM 6.1, and AEM Assets. The page identifies all updates made to the online documentation for a given 90 days. </li> 
    </ul> <p> <b>AEM Forms</b> </p> 
    <ul id="ul_7AD69242DA774B7FBEBB5589A5B8BEF1"> 
     <li id="li_D5F89D14106F44758B2FA1C54A81406D">Improved AEM Forms reference site documentation, including the following: 
      <ul id="ul_BF36AA65D9284227B6C0C405B3372002"> 
       <li id="li_A90BFEB2F8C24C50B75FA72144755E30"> <a href="https://helpx.adobe.com/content/help/en/aem-forms/6-2/setup-reference-sites.html" format="https" scope="external"> Set up and configure AEM Forms reference sites </a>. </li> 
       <li id="li_0A762993084E4EB3A3E5059E0A21F57F"> <a href="https://helpx.adobe.com/content/help/en/aem-forms/6-2/geometrixx-gov-reference-site-walkthrough.html" format="https" scope="external"> Geometrixx Gov reference site walkthrough </a>. </li> 
       <li id="li_02E016DD7FE44F4EA0661C8C51562BF9"> <a href="https://helpx.adobe.com/content/help/en/aem-forms/6-2/geometrixx-finance-reference-site-walkthrough.html" format="https" scope="external"> Geometrixx Finance reference site walkthrough </a>. </li> 
      </ul></li> 
     <li id="li_21920513E9024FCDA4EE2B24864B24F3">Reference <a href="https://helpx.adobe.com/aem-forms/6-2/reference-themes.html" format="https" scope="external"> themes </a> and <a href="https://helpx.adobe.com/aem-forms/6-2/reference-adaptive-form-fragments.html" format="https" scope="external"> fragments </a> packages for adaptive forms are now documented and available. </li> 
    </ul> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Knowledgebase article </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>A new knowledgebase article is now available regarding a <a href="https://helpx.adobe.com/experience-manager/kb/aem-slow-java7.html" format="https" scope="external"> performance issue related to the usage of AEM with Java7 </a>. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1" morerows="5"> <p> <b>Community</b> </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>AEM Community article </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>A new article detailing all the steps to build an e-commerce provider is now available. </p> <p>See <a href="https://helpx.adobe.com/experience-manager/using/ecommerce62.html" format="https" scope="external"> Creating custom Adobe Experience Manager 6.2 eCommerce providers </a>. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Upcoming local user group meetings </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>Join peers in your area or, if you are traveling, join a user group meeting. Adobe Systems lists each of the events on the community calendar <a href="https://communities.adobe.com/en/communities/aem_technologistsdevelopersarchitects/events.html" format="https" scope="external"> here </a>. </p> <p>The Seattle User Group has two upcoming meetings. See details at <a href="https://www.meetup.com/Seattle-Adobe-CQ-AEM-Meetup-Group/" format="https" scope="external"> https://www.meetup.com/Seattle-Adobe-CQ-AEM-Meetup-Group/ </a>. </p> <p>The <a href="https://www.meetup.com/Melbourne-AEM-CQ-Meetup/" format="http" scope="external"> Melbourne Adobe Experience Manager Meetup </a> group is hosting a code contest. The deadline to register your teams for presenting at the Adobe Marketing Cloud - Community Expo (AMCCE) is September 30, 2016. You can register at the following: <a href="https://www.surveymonkey.com/r/R596336" format="https" scope="external"> https://www.surveymonkey.com/r/R596336 </a>. </p> <p>The next meeting for the Amsterdam, Netherlands AEM User Group is November 3, 2016. You can RSVP <a href="https://www.meetup.com/AEM-Developer-Meetup/events/233761022/?rv=ea1&amp;_af=event&amp;_af_eid=233761022&amp;https=off" format="http" scope="external"> here </a>. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Ask the AEM Community Experts webinars </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>The recorded August webinar titled, "AEM and eCommerce" is available to watch at the following: </p> 
    <ul id="ul_508FC7C27B8F471F9A7F385CCD77078D"> 
     <li id="li_2B1A318AA2F448B7B6419C282FA9ECB8">Adobe Connect version - <a href="https://adobe.ly/2bHWkgF" format="http" scope="external"> https://adobe.ly/2bHWkgF </a>. </li> 
     <li id="li_7AE78F4B2D6A4AFBB5CB3C3924AF1ABC">MP4 version - <a href="https://adobe.ly/2bHWmF9" format="http" scope="external"> https://adobe.ly/2bHWmF9 </a>. </li> 
    </ul> <p>RSVP for the September webinar titled "Best Practices for Experience Manager and AEM Assets" <a href="https://communities.adobe.com/content/usergenerated/content/cush/en/communities/aem_technologistsdevelopersarchitects/events/_jcr_content/par/calendar/ask_the_aem_communit_4.form.html/content/cush/en/communities/aem_technologistsdevelopersarchitects/events/upcoming-event-detail" format="https" scope="external"> here </a>. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>AEM GEMs webinars </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>The last recorded GEM webinar titled "Setup and Configure AEM Dynamic Media" is available to watch at the following: </p> 
    <ul id="ul_2920B3F5D5494CED86BC312ACB4FD40D"> 
     <li id="li_D5638F1BA76C4B1BAADFEC17ABB637DA">Connect version - <a href="https://adobe.ly/2b1T5WG" format="http" scope="external"> https://adobe.ly/2b1T5WG </a>. </li> 
     <li id="li_1F8D8B574E53468BADE373C50896AC7C">MP4 version - <a href="https://adobe.ly/2b1SODb" format="http" scope="external"> https://adobe.ly/2b1SODb </a>. </li> 
    </ul> <p>AEM GEMS webinar titled "Managing your content with the template editor of Adobe Experience Manager" is scheduled for September 14, 2016. You can RSVP <a href="https://communities.adobe.com/content/usergenerated/content/cush/en/communities/aem_technologistsdevelopersarchitects/events/_jcr_content/par/calendar/aem_gems_managing_yo.form.html/content/cush/en/communities/aem_technologistsdevelopersarchitects/events/upcoming-event-detail" format="https" scope="external"> here </a>. </p> <p>To access all past AEM GEM webinar recordings, slide decks, and code links, see <a href="https://docs.adobe.com/content/ddc/en/gems.html" format="https" scope="external"> www.adobe.com/go/gems </a>. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>adaptTo() </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>AEM Developer Community event hosted by Pro!Vision, September 26-28 in Berlin. </p> <p>Tickets are available at the following: <a href="https://adapt.to/2016/en.html"> https://adapt.to/2016/en.html </a>. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>IMMERSE 2017 </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>Mark your calendars for the week of May 15-19, 2017 for IMMERSE 2017. </p> <p>Watch the AEM Technologist <a href="https://communities.adobe.com/en/communities/aem_technologistsdevelopersarchitects/events.html" format="https" scope="external"> Calendar </a> for the "Call for Presentations" and Early Bird Registrations. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

Additional resources: 

* [AEM Help Home](https://docs.adobe.com)
* [AEM Assets, on-demand Release Notes](https://docs.adobe.com/docs/en/aod/overview/release-notes.html)
* [SPS Release Notes](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/s7/release_notes/index.html)
 

## Recent documentation updates

<table id="table_D245BAB62A304D5B9018375ABFEFFC09"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Item </th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
   <th colname="col3" class="entry"> Date Published </th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mcloud/triggers.html" format="html" scope="external"> Marketing Cloud Triggers </a> </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> Identify, define, and monitor key consumer behaviors, and then generate cross-solution communication to re-engage visitors. </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>September 15, 2016 </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/reference/permissions-changes.html" format="html" scope="external"> Administrative Product Changes for Fall 2016 </a> </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> Important announcement about permission changes coming in Fall 2016. </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>July 21, 2016 </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <a href="https://docs.adobe.com/content/docs/en/aem/6-2.html" format="https" scope="external"> Adobe Experience Manager 6.2 </a> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Adobe Experience Manager 6.2 is an upgrade release to the code base of Adobe Experience Manager 6.1. It provides new and enhanced functionality, key customer fixes, high priority customer enhancements and general bug fixes oriented toward product stabilization. It also includes Adobe Experience Manager 6.1 feature pack, hot fix, and service pack releases. </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>May 19, 2016 </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/analytics/getting-started/" format="https" scope="external"> Getting Started with Analytics </a> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>A getting started guide for new Analytics administrators. </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>May 15, 2016 </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mcloud/marketing-cloud-integrations.html" format="https" scope="external"> Marketing Cloud Integrations </a> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>A round-up of available integration topics. </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>May 15, 2016 </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/analytics/activitymap/" format="https" scope="external"> Activity Map </a> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> <span class="wintitle"> Activity Map </span> product documentation. </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>April 14, 2016 </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <a href="https://marketing-stage.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mcloud/mc-audiences-aam.html" format="https" scope="external"> Marketing Cloud Audiences in Analytics </a> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> With the Marketing Cloud Audiences for Analytics integration in place, you can incorporate Marketing Cloud audience data such as demographic information (e.g. gender or income level), psychographic information (e.g. interests and hobbies), CRM data, and ad impression data into any Analytics workflow. </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>April 14, 2016 </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/reference/?f=analytics-product-comparison" format="https" scope="external"> Analytics Product Comparison </a> </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Added a product comparison table for Analytics products. </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>February 18, 2016 </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mcloud/?f=marketing-cloud-assets" format="https" scope="external"> Marketing Cloud Assets </a> </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>In Marketing Cloud Assets, you can store, share, and synchronize your digital assets from one central location. Marketing Cloud Assets leverages some of the features available in <span class="keyword"> Adobe Experience Manager </span> (AEM). </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>February 11, 2016 </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/analytics/analysis-workspace/?f=new-features-in-analysis-workspace" format="https" scope="external"> Analysis Workspace features </a> </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Added documentation for new features in Analysis Workspace. </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>January 21, 2016 </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>(Updated) <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mcloud/?f=user_mgmt_admin" format="https" scope="external"> Users and Groups </a></p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Analytics Administrators: If you are an administrator in the Marketing Cloud, see <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mcloud/?f=user_mgmt_admin" format="https" scope="external"> Users and Groups </a> for updated information about mapping Analytics groups to broader Adobe groups, and adding or bulk-adding users via the <a href="https://aedash.adobe.com/" format="http" scope="external"> Enterprise Dashboard </a>. </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>September 17, 2015 </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/analytics/analysis-workspace/" format="https" scope="external"> Analysis Workspace </a> </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Updated Analysis Workspace product documentation with feature descriptions, tasks for creating projects, videos, and use cases. </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>September 17, 2015 </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/sc/implement/?f=timestamp-optional" format="https" scope="external"> Timestamps Optional </a> </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Added product documentation and best practices for Timestamps Optional. This feature lets you integrate both timestamped and non-timestamped data in a report suite. All new report suites will be Timestamps Optional by default. </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>September 17, 2015 </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/insight/whatsnew/?f=c_6_5_" format="https" scope="external"> Data Workbench 6.5 Update </a> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>See Data Workbench 6.5 release notes for instructions to upgrade and a list of new features and bug fixes, including a new Associations table and chord diagram and updates to visualizations, user interface, algorithms, and export features. </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> September 17, 2015 </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/reference/?f=classification_rule_definitions" format="https" scope="external"> Select Report Suites and Variables </a> </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Updated the Classification Rule Builder so that you add report suites and variables to a rule set when editing an existing rule set (after creating the rule set). Previously, you specified the variable and report suite while creating the rule set. This change prevents reported issues occurring with classification variables. </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>August 20, 2015 </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/aam/?f=profile-link-intro.html" format="https" scope="external"> Profile Link </a> </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Profile Link works with cross-device data sources to identify and collect traits for authenticated site visitors. It includes the Profile Merge Rules feature, which lets you segment and target users accurately across multiple devices. </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>August 20, 2015 </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> New <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/analytics/calcmetrics/index.html" format="html" scope="external"> Calculated Metric Builder </a> and Calculated Metric Manager </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Calculated Metrics now allow for segmented metrics, more advanced math and the ability to organize and share metrics. </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>June 18, 2015 </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/analytics/analysis-workspace/" format="https" scope="external"> Analysis Workspace </a> (public beta) </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Build data tables and drag-and-drop metrics, dimensions, segments, and multiple visualizations to a project panel. </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>June 18, 2015 </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/insight/whatsnew/" format="https" scope="external"> Data Workbench 6.4 </a> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Data Workbench 6.4 release includes several new features described <a href="../../c-legacy-releases/2015/06182015.md#features_analytics_premium" format="dita" scope="local"> here </a>. </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>June 18, 2015 </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/whitepapers/first_party_cookies/?f=adobe_managed_cert_pgm" format="https" scope="external"> Adobe Managed Certificate Program </a> </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Added <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/whitepapers/first_party_cookies/?f=adobe_managed_cert_pgm" format="https" scope="external"> Adobe Managed Certificate Program </a> to the revamped <span class="term"> First-Party Cookies </span> product documentation. </p> <p>The managed certificate program lets you implement a new first-party SSL certificate for first-party cookies at no additional cost. </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>May 22, 2015 </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mobile/" format="https" scope="external"> Mobile </a> </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Revamped the Adobe Mobile product documentation. </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>May 22, 2015 </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mcloud/index.html?f=core_services" format="https" scope="external"> Enabling Your Solutions for Core Services </a> </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>A high-level round-up what you need to do to modernize your solution implementations for core services. </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>March 19, 2015 </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mcloud/index.html?f=attributes" format="https" scope="external"> Customer Attributes </a> </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>If you capture enterprise customer data in a customer relationship management (CRM) database, you can upload that data into the Marketing Cloud. </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>March 19, 2015 </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <a href="../../c-legacy-releases/2015/03192015.md#concept_3DD490B0F7DD4157BD55519762B53B0C" format="dita" scope="local"> Analytics Spring Release </a> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>See the <a href="../../c-legacy-releases/2015/03192015.md#analytics" format="dita" scope="local"> New Features </a> section in Analytics for a round-up of new documentation for the Spring 2015 Analytics release. </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>March 19, 2015 </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Analytics <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/reference/classification_rule_set.html" format="https" scope="external"> Classification Rules </a> - overwrite existing values </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>In <span class="uicontrol"> Admin Tools </span> &gt; <span class="uicontrol"> Classification Rule Builder </span> &gt; <span class="term"> &amp;lt;rule set name&amp;gt; </span>, two new options enable you to select an overwrite mode: </p> 
    <ul id="ul_0CF49177F4C84540B43A778EC7317FB0"> 
     <li id="li_01B970B834C548628C720E4CD79CEFD4"> <b>Rules overwrite any existing values:</b> (Default setting) Always overwrite existing classification keys, including classifications uploaded via the importer (SAINT). </li> 
     <li id="li_CA05A9D2C63A42DFA04FD0C66AFA38F4"> <b>Rules overwrite only unset values:</b> Only fill in blank (unset) cells. Existing classifications will not be changed. </li> 
    </ul> <p>Previously, if a key was already classified in any column or cell, the rule would not run on that key, and the row in the table was skipped. </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>February 19, 2015 </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

