---
description: Analytics Fall 2016 feature release. New features in Analysis Workspace include Funnel functionality (Fallout and Flow), Intelligent Alerts, Custom Histograms, and Starter Projects. Anomaly Detection and Contribution Analysis are now available in Analysis Workspace. Major permission enhancements are available in Admin > Groups. Report Builder 5.4 and updates to Adobe Mobile. AEM releases include Mobile 2016.12, Desktop App 1.3, AEM 3D Assets feature pack, and updates to Livefyre and Scene7.
keywords: release notes
seo-description: Analytics Fall 2016 feature release. New features in Analysis Workspace include Funnel functionality (Fallout and Flow), Intelligent Alerts, Custom Histograms, and Starter Projects. Anomaly Detection and Contribution Analysis are now available in Analysis Workspace. Major permission enhancements are available in Admin > Groups. Report Builder 5.4 and updates to Adobe Mobile. AEM releases include Mobile 2016.12, Desktop App 1.3, AEM 3D Assets feature pack, and updates to Livefyre and Scene7.
seo-title: Release Notes - October 2016
solution: Experience Cloud,Release Notes
title: Release Notes - October 2016
uuid: 49b05c86-6577-446a-b13d-2ac3a0b239cc
index: y
internal: n
snippet: y
translate: y
---

# Release Notes - October 2016

Analytics Fall 2016 feature release. New features in Analysis Workspace include Funnel functionality (Fallout and Flow), Intelligent Alerts, Custom Histograms, and Starter Projects. Anomaly Detection and Contribution Analysis are now available in Analysis Workspace. Major permission enhancements are available in Admin > Groups. Report Builder 5.4 and updates to Adobe Mobile. AEM releases include Mobile 2016.12, Desktop App 1.3, AEM 3D Assets feature pack, and updates to Livefyre and Scene7.

>[!NOTE]
>
>To receive release notes one week prior to the monthly product update, subscribe to the[Adobe Priority Product Update](https://www.adobe.com/subscription/priority-product-update.html). Release information in the Priority Product Update comes one week in advance of the release date. Please check back at release time for updates. 

Last Update: **November 3, 2016**

## Experience Cloud

Release Date: October 20, 2016 

### Marketing Cloud ID Service (Updated 10/28) {#mcvid}

This release increments the ID service code to version 1.9.0. It includes the following features, bug fixes, and other changes. 

>[!IMPORTANT]
>
>Using Marketing Cloud ID service Library 1.9.0+, ID synching will begin for Adobe Media Optimizer by default. See[Understanding ID Synchronization and Match Rates](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mcvid/mcvid-match-rates.html). 

* Fixed a bug that passed [!DNL  Audience Manager] unique user IDs (AAMUUIDs) as [!DNL  Marketing Cloud] IDs to the ID service. (MCID-203)
* If time-to-live (TTL) for an AMCV cookie has expired, the ID service will still return that information to the server as long as the cookie contains a [!DNL  Marketing Cloud] ID. After this call, the ID service makes an asynchronous call to update the cookie. This helps improve performance because the ID service doesn't have to wait for a server response. It can use existing AMCV cookie values and then request an update. (MCID-204)
* **(Updated 10/28, 11/4)** The ID service automatically synchronizes [!DNL  Marketing Cloud] IDs (MIDs) with [!DNL  Adobe Media Optimizer] and other internal [!DNL  Adobe] domains directly on the page. Automatic synchronization is enabled for all existing and new accounts. This helps improve match rates for [!DNL  Media Optimizer]. Applies to VisitorAPI.js version 1.9, or higher. See also, [Understanding ID Synchronization and Match Rates](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mcvid/mcvid-match-rates.html). (MCID-152, MCID-184)

See [Marketing Cloud ID Services](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mcvid/) product documentation. 

### Adobe Mobile Services {#mobile}

<table id="table_3D79042552CA4F608A57688E642C7841"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Feature </th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> Target </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> Mobile audiences, activities, and content are now accessible across <span class="keyword"> Target </span> and <span class="keyword"> Mobile Services </span> regardless of where they were created. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> Postbacks </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> Added a new postback type: PII </p> <p>The PII postback type enables the user to send data tagged with CollectPII calls to 3<sup>rd</sup> party endpoints. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> Push Messaging </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> Push certificate expiration management allows you to see the expiration date of your push certificates and also receive reminders to update the certificate before it expires. For more information, see <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mobile/ios/c_troubleshooting-push-messaging.html" format="html" scope="external"> Troubleshooting Push Messaging </a>. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> Analytics Reporting </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> Dimension and metric permissions set in Adobe Analytics now apply to Mobile Services. For more information, see <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/reference/permissions-changes.html" format="html" scope="external"> Administrative Product Changes Coming in October 2016 </a>. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> SDK </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> Xamarin, Unity, and PhoneGap plugins are updated to work with iOS and Android SDKs version 4.13.1. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Mobile App Admin </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>In order to modify settings in Mobile Services, users were previously required to be added to a group called Mobile App Admin in Adobe Analytics. This has changed and users now only need to be a part of a group that has Mobile App Admin selected in the Tools section of the group's settings. Because of this change, all Analytics Admins are now Mobile App Admins. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

See [Adobe Mobile Services](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mobile/) for product documentation. To see the release notes for previous releases, expand *Previous Release Notes* in the left pane. 

## Analytics

New features and fixes in Analytics.

### Important Notices for Analytics Administrators {#analytics_notices}

>[!IMPORTANT]
>
>Review the following table for important Analytics notices that may affect data collection, processing, APIs, product end-of-life, and so on.

<table id="table_1207853963C64C5E95E85E9B34B6FCFE"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Notice </th> 
   <th colname="col02" class="entry"> Date Added or Updated </th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Removed restrictions on how Analytics handles technology data </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col02"> <p>October 15, 2016 </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> Previously, Adobe Analytics did not record technology data for mobile web traffic. Meaning, reports in the Visitor Profile &amp;gt; Technology section in Reports &amp; Analytics did not receive data for mobile web hits. Beginning with this release, the following reports will populate from mobile web traffic: </p> 
    <ul id="ul_9410671394734E559A774F3453A1BB3A"> 
     <li id="li_3BA005692D1E4F0DBD0F3F5D6371E7D8">Java </li> 
     <li id="li_3D020B97C9944040BB97352B0DB96013">JavaScript / JavaScript Version </li> 
     <li id="li_DBE27FC23063452CAC8984EA62449583">Color Depth </li> 
     <li id="li_AFF5186D96374B6AB65488145F3CE90C">Resolution </li> 
     <li id="li_0D734E6F97C14FB79F423A5C77C0A8A2">Browser Width </li> 
     <li id="li_78419247A5C1417D888360A793F6B7F8">Browser Height </li> 
     <li id="li_796B8164D2394F0F9086FB28374A439D">Referrer Type (typed / bookmarked) </li> 
    </ul> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> Schedule Traffic Spike Deadline </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col02"> <p>September 23, 2016 </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> If you have report suites that you expect to receive increased traffic during the holiday season (particularly Black Friday, Cyber Monday, Christmas, or New Year's), please <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/reference/t_traffic_schedule_spike.html" format="html" scope="external"> schedule traffic spikes </a> as soon as possible. </p> <p>See <a href="https://helpx.adobe.com/analytics/kb/importance-of-scheduling-traffic-spikes.html" format="html" scope="external"> Importance of Scheduling Traffic Spikes </a> for more information. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Ad Hoc Analysis - Java 1.7. </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col02"> <p>September 15, 2016 </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>In the upcoming October 2016 release, you must use Java 1.7 or later to launch Ad Hoc Analysis. </p> <p>If you use Java version 1.6 or earlier, you will see an error message, "Unable to Launch the Application." (On the error message, you can view the Java version that you are using by clicking <span class="uicontrol"> Details </span>, then click the <span class="uicontrol"> Console </span> tab.) </p> 
<!-- <draft-comment> 
     <p>Update the ad hoc <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/dsc/c_sys_reqs.html" format="html" scope="external"> system reqs </a> page in Oct. </p> 
    </draft-comment> --> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Analytics API 1.3 deprecation. </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col02"> <p>September 15, 2016 </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> Analytics APIs version 1.3 will be officially deprecated as of September 15, 2016. To prevent disruption, Adobe recommends upgrading to the latest API versions as soon as possible. </p> <p>See the <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/developer/get-started/api-support-policy" format="https" scope="external"> API Support Policy </a> page for more information. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Analytics for Target processing time increased by 30 seconds. </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col02"> <p>August 19, 2016 </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>To achieve a higher visitor match rate between Adobe Analytics and Adobe Target, we have increased the amount of time data is held in processing from 30 seconds to 60 seconds. This change only affects customers using the Marketing Cloud ID service, AppMeasurement for Analytics, and who have Target implemented on their pages. (AN-128584) </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Legacy Alerts </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col02"> <p>August 18, 2016 </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Several features of existing Analytics alerts will not be included in the new <span class="wintitle"> Alert Manager </span>, which will be released (as part of <span class="wintitle"> Analysis Workspace </span>) in the Fall of 2016. </p> <p> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/sc/user/deprecated_alerts.html" format="html" scope="external"> Legacy Alerts Migration </a> lists the deprecated alert features and some alert features that will be migrated to the new Alert Manager in a different form. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Data Warehouse request settings </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col02"> <p>August 18, 2016 </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>In the September 2016 Maintenance Release, Data Warehouse will add a new request setting that will enable Data Warehouse to send empty files when there is no data in the report. This settings will be enabled by default. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>AppMeasurement 1.6.3 and Visitor API 1.6.0 </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col02"> <p>August 4, 2016 </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Version 1.6.0 of the <span class="keyword"> Marketing Cloud </span> ID service <i>requires</i> AppMeasurement for JavaScript version 1.6.3 or higher. If you want to upgrade to version 1.6.0 of the Marketing Cloud ID service, please make sure you are using AppMeasurement code verison 1.6.3 or higher. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>AppMeasurement for Flash - Security update </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col02"> <p>April 21, 2016 </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> 
<!-- <draft-comment> 
     <p>Run through EOY November. Check with Michael Landon </p> 
    </draft-comment> --> <p>Adobe has released a <a href="https://helpx.adobe.com/security/products/analytics/apsb16-13.html" format="https" scope="external"> security update APSB16-13 </a> for the <span class="term"> AppMeasurement for Flash </span> library. This update resolves an important vulnerability in the library, applicable only when <span class="codeph"> debugTracking </span> is enabled, that could be abused to conduct <a href="https://www.owasp.org/index.php/DOM_Based_XSS" format="https" scope="external"> DOM-based XSS attacks </a>. </p> <p> <p class="important">Note:  This issue affects <span class="term"> AppMeasurement for Flash </span> only when <span class="codeph"> debugTracking </span> has been enabled ( <span class="codeph"> debugTracking </span> is disabled in the default configuration). <b>If affected, we strongly advise you to disable <span class="codeph"> debugTracking </span> immediately.</b> Here is some sample code: </p> </p> 
    <codeblock> 
     public&nbsp;var&nbsp;s:AppMeasurement; 
     s&nbsp;=&nbsp;new&nbsp;AppMeasurement(); 
     s.debugTracking&nbsp;=&nbsp;false;&nbsp;//&nbsp;set&nbsp;to&nbsp;false&nbsp;or&nbsp;remove&nbsp;line 
     &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;//&nbsp;for&nbsp;default&nbsp;"disabled”&nbsp;behavior 
      
    </codeblock> <p>Affected versions are <span class="term"> AppMeasurement for Flash </span> version 4.0 and earlier on all platforms. </p> <p>Note:  Due to security reasons, we will no longer be distributing an AS2 version of <i>AppMeasurement for Flash</i>. We will continue to support data collection from existing AS2-based projects. However, we highly recommend that customers upgrade their implementations to AS3 and incorporate the latest security features of <i>AppMeasurement for Flash</i>. </p> <p> <span class="term"> AppMeasurement for Flash </span> customers affected by this issue must rebuild projects with the updated library available for download from the Analytics Console <a href="https://help.adobe.com/en_US/Flex/4.0/UsingFlashBuilder/WS6f97d7caa66ef6eb1e63e3d11b6c4d0d21-7feb.html#WS6f97d7caa66ef6eb1e63e3d11b6c4d0d21-7f88" format="http" scope="external"> More… </a> (AN-121780) </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>SiteCatalyst 14, ExcelClient, etc. end of life in October 2016 </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col02"> <p>March 17, 2016 </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>SiteCatalyst 14, ExcelClient, and a number of other legacy components will reach end-of-life in October 2016. </p> <p>This means that all access to the SiteCatalyst 14 user interface and several related features will be removed. To prepare for this event, view <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/sc/user/upgr_home.html" format="https" scope="external"> this list </a> of affected components, along with required user actions and suggestions on how to move forward with alternatives. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> Changes to visit processing for timestamped data </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col02"> <p>March 17, 2016 </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> In June, we will begin improving to the way visits are calculated for Timestamps Required and Timestamps Optional report suites. These changes will primarily affect data collected through Mobile SDKs and will result in lower overall visit counts going forward, in certain situations. </p> <p> Learn more in <a href="https://helpx.adobe.com/analytics/kb/compare-visits-and-mobile-app-launches.html" format="https" scope="external"> Compare visits and mobile app launches </a>. </p> <p> To see which report suites might be affected, see <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/reference/timestamp-optional.html" format="https" scope="external"> Timestamps Optional </a>. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Data processing change between February and March MRs </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col02"> <p>February 18, 2016 </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Sometime between the February and March Maintenance Releases, the following <span class="wintitle"> Analytics </span> data processing change was implemented: </p> <p>Previously, when using the Product variable without having an event set, the event would default to "ProdView", set early in processing (before processing rules take effect). The event is now set after the processing rules to avoid conflicts with how mobile data processing works. This change has the following downstream effects: </p> 
    <ul id="ul_E85DDAAFE9654D8A9B635FDCE8E4FA7E"> 
     <li id="li_A18A2DAE2A97440D977A745E7C99404E">ProdViews are no longer inflated because of hits where context data is generating events (especially in Mobile). Going forward, an event will be set at the time in data processing when the ProdView would have been set (without a set event.) </li> 
     <li id="li_75F4B73AE98241E3A900A526460CD70D">Any VISTA rule that has logic depending on a ProdView event being set on a hit might need to be reviewed to see if changes to the VISTA rule are needed. This is because ProdView events might be set on fewer hits than they previously were, because ProdView is set earlier in the processing pipeline. This change may or may not impact what is desired from the VISTA rule. </li> 
    </ul> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Elimination of hashed values in Data Feeds </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col02"> <p>February 18, 2016 </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>In certain circumstances, hashed values ( <span class="codeph"> ::hash::&amp;lt;hash value&amp;gt; </span>) may appear in data feeds for the following types of variables: </p> 
    <ul id="ul_A5A28649622E453585175B26012B05D5"> 
     <li id="li_2D74AB5476FC4363BD6C4F3AC171E216"> Merchandising eVars in post_product_list </li> 
     <li id="li_47060365639045E3A7FC541C266791D5"> List Vars (called <span class="varname"> post_mvvar1-3 </span>, <span class="varname"> post_tnt </span>, and <span class="varname"> post_survey </span>) </li> 
     <li id="li_2A5CC960FB994E279EBB2E0BB64BBC64"> Marketing Channel details. The tracking code for the Marketing Channels reports (called <span class="varname"> va_finder_detail </span> and <span class="varname"> va_closer_detail </span>) </li> 
    </ul> <p>A change is being implemented that eliminates hashed values over time, and replaces them with actual values. </p> <p> <b>Note:</b> The max size of any particular value is 100 bytes or 255 bytes. For fields that support multiple values, such as <span class="varname"> post_product_list </span> and List Vars, the max size of those fields is 64k. Therefore, if you are passing in a large number of values, some of the values may be lost as the field will be truncated at 64k. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Web Services v 1.2 API end-of-life </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col02"> <p>February 18, 2016 </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Version 1.2 of the Web Services API was officially deprecated on February 20, 2014. It will reach end-of-life on September 15, 2016. At that time, Adobe will remove the ability of the API servers to respond to version 1.2 API requests. Any API requests made to the <span class="filepath"> https://api.omniture.com/admin/1.2 </span> endpoint will return a 410 error. Customers have until the end-of-life date to upgrade from the version 1.2 API to the version 1.4 API to prevent an outage in their API applications. 
     <!--https://jira.corp.adobe.com/browse/AN-118670--></p> <p> Analytics APIs version 1.3 will be officially deprecated as of September 15, 2016. To prevent disruption, Adobe recommends upgrading to the latest API versions as soon as possible. </p> <p>See the <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/developer/get-started/api-support-policy" format="https" scope="external"> API Support Policy </a> page for more information. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

### New Features in Analytics {#features_analytics}

<table id="table_91D1FD20C4C1411292252364328677AF"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Feature </th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> Update to Segment Builder ( <b>Updated 11/03/16</b>) </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>When building sequential segments, you now have the option to filter for traffic "before sequence" or "after sequence". </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Intelligent Alerts </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>As the new alert system for all of Adobe Analytics, Intelligent Alerts let you create and manage alerts in <span class="wintitle"> Analysis Workspace </span>, complete with alert preview and rule contribution. You can </p> 
    <ul id="ul_C07279562C9D4D84B9B47442B3D1FF72"> 
     <li id="li_214A13AA62B948A3A1628BC076816D50">Build alerts based on anomalies (90%, 95%, or 99% thresholds; % change; above/below). </li> 
     <li id="li_C9E2397123E14814B863C8D77D66098D"> Preview how often an alert will trigger. </li> 
     <li id="li_1A2D702B5DA7428BA94EB6BA33654E6D">Send alerts by e-mail or SMS with links to auto-generated <span class="wintitle"> Analysis Workspace </span> projects. </li> 
     <li id="li_797B7936E78F46ADBDE56C6183B61711">Create "stacked" alerts that capture multiple metrics in a single alert. </li> 
    </ul> <p> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/analytics/analysis-workspace/intellligent_alerts.html" format="html" scope="external"> More... </a> </p> <p>Refer to <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/sc/user/deprecated_alerts.html" format="https" scope="external"> Legacy Reports &amp; Analytics alerts </a> for more information on how legacy alerts are migrated. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Customer Journey (Fallout and Flow) in Analysis Workspace </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>The new Fallout feature bring funnel functionality to <span class="wintitle"> Analysis Workspace </span> to enable you to build robust funnels with new visualizations and the inherent flexibility that <span class="wintitle"> Analysis Workspace </span> provides. </p> <p>The new Flow feature lets you view customer flow/journey through sites/apps via new, updated and flexible visualizations in <span class="wintitle"> Analysis Workspace </span>. You can discover how customers are moving and progressing through their sites/apps. </p> <p> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/analytics/analysis-workspace/fallout_flow.html" format="html" scope="external"> More... </a> on Fallout. <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/analytics/analysis-workspace/flow.html" format="https" scope="external"> More... </a> on Flow. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Anomaly Detection and Contribution Analysis in Analysis Workspace </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Lets you know if a change in trended data is significant, and what caused it. </p> <p>Both Anomaly Detection and Contribution Analysis are now core workflows in <span class="wintitle"> Analysis Workspace </span>. You can automatically detect statistically significant data anomalies in your data, then run Contribution Analysis against any daily anomaly and embed it in your <span class="wintitle"> Analysis Workspace </span> project. </p> <p> <b> Availability - Updated 10/21</b> </p> 
    <ul id="ul_66A3F13AD76D41BAB27BD41C57DC9723"> 
     <li id="li_B4CD4781E4274FE3AF2B530147AB0BBC">Analytics Premium customers: 
      <ul id="ul_54C57B4E3A6141B5B885E4E09154EBB8"> 
       <li id="li_3DC2017B5C1F4080A2D68067304ECB16">Anomaly Detection in Analysis Workspace and Reports &amp; Analytics (full functionality) </li> 
       <li id="li_CBD5E791FEEF430D96241B707511F978">Contribution Analysis in Analysis Workspace and Reports &amp; Analytics (full functionality) </li> 
      </ul></li> 
     <li id="li_27ECEE9BF2004AEF948D0BA35D0D56A9">Analytics Standard customers: 
      <ul id="ul_3570FAADDD4349D2AB776E2FCAF1B622"> 
       <li id="li_89E325BE291D4D72AF01CA673DE910B4">Anomaly Detection in Analysis Workspace and Reports &amp; Analytics (full functionality) </li> 
       <li id="li_3AED376A4CBD483D8682C661C644CB44"> Contribution Analysis in Reports &amp; Analytics (basic functionality) </li> 
      </ul></li> 
    </ul> <p> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/analytics/analysis-workspace/anomaly_detection.html" format="https" scope="external"> More... </a> </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Custom Histograms in Analysis Workspace </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>The new histogram visualization in Analysis Workspace allows customers to visualize distributions of customer behavior quickly and easily. You can set up custom bucket sizes, starting bucket and number of buckets for the visualization and then automatically generate segments to address each bucket and generate a histogram. You can identify high-value or low-value users. </p> <p> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/analytics/analysis-workspace/histogram.html" format="https" scope="external"> More... </a> </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Starter Projects in Analysis Workspace </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Starter Projects provide useful templates for common use cases. </p> <p>When you open Workspace, you will see a number of Starter Projects in the left rail. They are grouped by the vertical or platform they belong to: Media, Mobile, Retail, and Web. They come pre-populated with different dimensions, segments, metrics, and visualizations, depending on the report suite. You can use these pre-populated templates as they are, or adapt them to your needs. </p> <p> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/analytics/analysis-workspace/starter_projects.html" format="https" scope="external"> More... </a> </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
   <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> Updates to Permission Management </p> <p> 
     <span class="ignoretag"> 
      <span class="uicontrol"> Admin </span>  &gt; 
      <span class="uicontrol"> User Management </span>  &gt; 
      <span class="uicontrol"> Groups </span> 
     </span> </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> <b>Administrator Access</b> </p> <p> Group membership is no longer required for administrators. By default, administrators now have access to all items (tools, dimensions, and metrics), as well as Web Service access, Report Builder, Activity Map, and Ad Hoc Analysis. </p> <p> <b>Custom Groups</b> </p> <p> Predefined groups are no longer used. All predefined groups have been replaced by custom groups of the same name. Administrators can delete these groups and create their own, as all settings that were previously available in the predefined groups are available for customization. </p> <p>Use groups to grant or restrict access for non-administrative users. For example, you can delete all the migrated groups and replace them with a single group that grants access to Report Builder, Activity Map, Ad-Hoc Analysis, Reports &amp; Analytics Access, Analysis Workspace Access, and so on. </p> <p>See <a href="../../c-legacy-releases/2016/10202016.md#allreportaccess" format="dita" scope="local"> Changes to All Report Access </a> below for more information. </p> <p> <b> Group Permissions</b> </p> <p>The <span class="wintitle"> Report Access </span> section in 
     <span class="ignoretag"> 
      <span class="uicontrol"> Groups </span>  &gt; 
      <span class="uicontrol"> Add New User Group </span> 
     </span> has been streamlined to four categories, which enable you to customize permissions at a granular level. The new permission categories include: </p> 
    <ul id="ul_05ED67AA88094BB7B87CD7E648CF61CF"> 
     <li id="li_53FF0A06F44F49BBA5BBDCD7FA9A3DB1"> <span class="uicontrol"> Analytics Tools: </span> Formerly <span class="wintitle"> Company Tools </span>, includes General items (billing, logs, etc.), Company Management, Tools, Web Service Access, Report Builder, and Data Connectors integration. Privileges previously obtained from predefined groups are in this category. Existing, predefined groups have been added to this category. </li> 
     <li id="li_6E087882598F4B79823BB27EAF1D6778"> <span class="uicontrol"> Report Suite Tools: </span> Includes report suite management, tools and reports, dashboard items, and so on. </li> 
     <li id="li_92530CB952444E14AE2AFAC1ECEF655C"> <span class="uicontrol"> Metrics: </span> Includes traffic, conversion, custom events, solution events, and so on. </li> 
     <li id="li_63188564A41B44E28970F204553E60FC"> <span class="uicontrol"> Dimensions: </span> 
      <ul id="ul_3DC61B9C1EA54CDCA7C8895EED163E9A"> 
       <li id="li_19046BBA0A9444F8B127F52BD6FA4599">eVars 1-250 are individually permissioned. </li> 
       <li id="li_7E2F3BD23A0940558D499D2F2978CFCE">All traffic reports are dimensions. </li> 
       <li id="li_DC9E47E50F0541FF8894D2693B06230E">Video &amp; Mobile reports are dimensions, as well as other Analytics solutions reports (Experience Manager, Media Optimizer, Social, and do on.) </li> 
       <li id="li_57427309D50B4C70A456BB72C3FE6527"> Pathing reports are available if a user has access to the parent dimension. </li> 
      </ul> </li> 
    </ul> 
    <ul id="ul_DA5A54223673474E9151AF979DA50659"> 
     <li id="li_C3E82F7BC07A4F2F83A85D3D511292CC"> <p>All current dimensions and metrics within custom groups have been automatically migrated to the new categories. If an existing group has metrics enabled, it will be given all newly permissionable dimensions (eVars and content aware) and metrics by default. </p> </li> 
     <li id="li_CC56F9181CC14AB59318628E72F2E8C9"> Classifications Importer (formerly, SAINT) permissions: Access to classifications is determined by access to the <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/reference/c_classifications.html" format="html" scope="external"> variable </a> on which the classification is based. </li> 
    </ul> <p>For more information, see <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/reference/permissions-changes.html" format="html" scope="external"> Administrative Product Changes for Fall 2016 </a>. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p id="allreportaccess">Changes to <span class="term"> All Report Access </span></p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>As part of the permission changes, a custom group has replaced the <span class="term"> All Report Access </span> predefined group. This custom group has access to: </p> 
    <ul id="ul_696A9243F5FD4AF187352C2F4B1CFDC2"> 
     <li id="li_683A0A3BB7214CFFBC61D5A4CD237F48">All Dimensions </li> 
     <li id="li_D8FDBF6A32224731AB706315DEA0A03E">All Metrics </li> 
     <li id="li_65ABE5C95D43444D88E63EE95C9AED05">All Report Suites </li> 
     <li id="li_7ED1505590144B38B3B9851BAA6BBB49">Channel Report Permission </li> 
     <li id="li_F718FE1FCF9A4B05AB933CA3F105F3EC">Anomaly Detection Report Permission </li> 
     <li id="li_527BD52007E846FE8B5F71AB3C12F695">Real-Time Report Permission </li> 
     <li id="li_AFFB58C7FB644AC8A85E2D76BA7D51F5">Analysis Workspace Access Permission </li> 
     <li id="li_4C3E531B44604A6DB9369175C363582F">Web Service Access </li> 
     <li id="li_936FB7942E9440FA923BA23BFD96141F">Reports &amp; Analytics Access </li> 
     <li id="li_95679E007DDB4437AD239F6852E4DDD9">Create/Curate Projects </li> 
     <li id="li_5FB02C24B567485AA9D1BDEC3DEB610B">Metric Creation </li> 
     <li id="li_A4D49A8E3949423BA993D8D1E058AA55">Segment Creation </li> 
    </ul> <p>At release, all customers will be migrated. Every user that used to be in <span class="term"> All Report Access </span> will be added to the new custom group. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> Defunct Traffic Reports have been removed </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>These defunct reports will be removed: </p> 
    <ul id="ul_C0415CFF0562472297272EC58ECC0774"> 
     <li id="li_62B1CE33B1454987B878B321EB40D62E">Monthly Summary </li> 
     <li id="li_71CD776D212540A18F9B083D2E11A296">Visitor Home Page </li> 
     <li id="li_406200AD68C74D11B5F53988A4E76A68">Netscape Plugins </li> 
     <li id="li_A124637D69C94C78921C8B028D890541">Key Visitors </li> 
     <li id="li_5C26FF95371B4F3080FF75C7F8DE0F72">Pages Viewed By Key Visitors </li> 
     <li id="li_E7E262BD0CF64E16B838F995F6A13B8A">Visitor Snapshot </li> 
     <li id="li_0EDC74625C0D4B1A992FCA49B648E4C0">DRM </li> 
     <li id="li_ACC92E6EA188409486E7C943F26B9DAC">Net Protocols </li> 
     <li id="li_6E18C4D12377416A8124BBD13164B03A">Java Version </li> 
     <li id="li_1599265E59EF4F34BB406356410C9E68">Bookmark URL Length </li> 
     <li id="li_3035442010984C409089B21E03DB7BCC">Device Number Transmit </li> 
     <li id="li_6B2163ED8FC84EBF933D97A504B4D527">PTT </li> 
     <li id="li_0EB8A4A7619B45DF87109B183A7C69C8">Decoration Mail Support </li> 
     <li id="li_989FAC662F7344E6BDDC517B79D4581E">Information </li> 
     <li id="li_F1FB7F8E415443F3B63F6D11D59A04AB">Information Service </li> 
    </ul> <p>These reports: </p> 
    <ul id="ul_F71505C59F734EA9B541BF8AB9F9388F"> 
     <li id="li_7D461907B895447280E69CF1520DF47C">Can still be accessed by Bookmarks. </li> 
     <li id="li_27BA2DD6BA4C446FBAA06B6C76CD171F">Are not included in new Dimensions permission category. </li> 
     <li id="li_504E9D8421714406A0F37DEF1E10E34B">Can no longer have their permissions edited. </li> 
     <li id="li_0022E8DCA07344C793847E8282EFBEEF">Will retain access for custom groups with current access. </li> 
    </ul> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Report Builder 5.4 </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> 
    <ul id="ul_F8A5CC4539374884A54EA6974F855414"> 
     <li id="li_625F0A5755594E9A8A32CFD56839BB09"> Better management and editing of segments across multiple requests. New options under Edit Multiple Requests let you add, remove, replace, and replace all segment(s) within multiple target requests. </li> 
     <li id="li_AD4B2E8C316040D2AACEC309CC6B0D8D"> New link to the Adobe Report Builder Community </li> 
     <li id="li_6AD705E7747743DCBA30AE9A2F5E8535">Enhanced login security </li> 
    </ul> <p> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/arb/c_whats_new_54.html" format="https" scope="external"> More... </a> </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>SiteCatalyst 14 End of Life </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>After October 20, 2016, users will be unable to log in to SiteCatalyst 14. The User Interface will be completely offline. All users must log in to Adobe Analytics/SiteCatalyst 15. <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/sc/user/upgr_home.html" format="https" scope="external"> More... </a></p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>


### Analytics Administration API 1.4 Updates {#section_49B92A9AB47947D28B0DF5BEF6441F67}

As part of the Analytics permission enhancements, all of the group related, permissions APIs will accept and return (where appropriate) the ` group_id`. This includes: 

* [Permissions.GetGroups](https://marketing.adobe.com/developer/documentation/analytics-administration-1-4/r-permission-group-1)`
* [GetGroup](https://marketing.adobe.com/developer/documentation/analytics-administration-1-4/r-getgroup-1)`
* [SaveGroup](https://marketing.adobe.com/developer/documentation/analytics-administration-1-4/r-savegroup-1)`
* [DeleteGroup](https://marketing.adobe.com/developer/documentation/analytics-administration-1-4/r-deletegroup-1)`

For more information, See [Permission API Changes for October](https://marketing.adobe.com/developer/forum/administration/permissions-api-changes-for-october) in the Developer Connection. 

For convenience, you can still use the ` group_name`, but it is no longer required when the ` group_id` is used. This should make managing groups programmatically easier and more intuitive. 

<!-- <p> <span class="codeph"> Permissions.GetGroup </span> will no longer return, by default, the list of individual permissions for the group. It will still return <span class="codeph"> group_id </span> (new), <span class="codeph"> group_name </span>, <span class="codeph"> description </span>, <span class="codeph"> rsid_list </span>, and <span class="codeph"> user_list </span>. To have <span class="codeph"> Permissions.GetGroup </span> include the list of individual permissions, you will need to include a new parameter <span class="codeph"> include_permissions </span>. The response will then include a new item called <span class="codeph"> category_permissions </span>, which is a full and comprehensive list off all the permission categories and the individual permissions of each. We will be updating the documentation for this method with more details about changes to the categories and how the individual permissions are described. The old item in the response "report_access_list" will no longer be returned except for SOAP requests. </p> 
<p>In conjunction with the changes to Permissions.GetGroup, SaveGroup no will no longer require the old item "report_access_list". Instead, the list of individual permissions may be left out of the request if the intent is simply to update the rsid_list or the user_list for the group. In cases where individual permissions for the group need to be updated, a new parameter called "category_permissions" must be included. Its structure should match what is returned by Permissions.GetGroup, though only the permissions being enabled need be included. We will also be updating the documentation for this method with details about how to use "category_permissions" to add or remove privileges from a group. </p> -->

### Analytics Fixes {#analyticsfixes}

Fixes were applied to the following products and services: 

<table id="table_A51B298EEEB5482383505B8C5A79E1B9"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Product </th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Fixes </th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> Reports &amp; Analytics </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> 
     <ul id="ul_7CC12EBCEBD943B1B329594D13DCF66C"> 
      <li id="li_DF96711BC5D740A087031650E27F87AB">Fixed an issue that prevented bookmarked reports from being sent to dashboards. (AN-130940) </li> 
      <li id="li_E5F14F4EA9A44BCB8F8530A114ED13D7">Fixed an error that caused the Allocation for Paid Search Keywords to say “Multiple” instead of “Most recent”, in some cases. (AN-129378) </li> 
      <li id="li_174957E24B764402905E9400F70333F9">Fixed an issue that limited processing rules to 100, instead of 150, when copying rules from one report suite to another. (AN-129433) </li> 
      <li id="li_DD4955C9600D4E458407053E85FF0918">Fixed an issue with advanced links when the filter contained “=” and short links. (AN-121144) </li> 
      <li id="li_12DCEBFC89ED4A949CC98997F3B14DC1">Fixed an issue that prevented dashboards from being downloaded as PDFs. (AN-123380) </li> 
      <li id="li_0DB8D8033CE84515B58CFBE075C1EB7E"> Fixed an issue causing large or negative values to display in the <span class="wintitle"> Time to Start </span> report ( 
       <span class="ignoretag"> 
        <span class="uicontrol"> Video </span>  &gt; 
        <span class="uicontrol"> Video Quality </span>  &gt; 
        <span class="uicontrol"> Quality Variables / Quality Events </span> 
       </span>). Previously, the <span class="varname"> timeToStart </span> metric was sent to <span class="keyword"> Analytics </span> without validation. Now, the metric value is sent to only if it is within the 0-60 seconds range. </li> 
     </ul> </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> Analysis Workspace </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> 
     <ul id="ul_9DD79A9FD0014CA285E372FAD2BF9FE2"> 
      <li id="li_BE8C3497AA9A4FCA855130A0C7157F12">Fixed an issue with using “Try In Workspace” in the Key Metrics report, with calculated metrics. (AN-130945) </li> 
      <li id="li_3D924E85C1FE43C98D348CF87FEB8E08">Fixed a calendar localization issue for the Japanese language. (AN-131745) </li> 
      <li id="li_FE87E48E9B2247F19DD00F2F9FBA400C">Fixed an issue that prevented user access to Analysis Workspace even though the user had rights to access it. (AN-131515) </li> 
      <li id="li_34F3B016376A4431B79EEEB31B263A34">Fixed a display issue in donut and bar charts. (AN-104491) </li> 
      <li id="li_092222C7A3DE4751ADD723B5AD32BEEE">Fixed a calendar display issue. (AN-115527) </li> 
     </ul> </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> Ad Hoc Analysis </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> 
     <ul id="ul_BCA85EDE14C2445C8C10BDD77ED342A6"> 
      <li id="li_FD1E9A3A72564BE293BBAF1BD13A0339">Java 1.7: Ad Hoc Analysis now requires Java 1.7 or later to run. If you use Java version 1.6 or earlier, you will see an error message, "Unable to Launch the Application." (On the error message, you can view the Java version that you are using by clicking <span class="uicontrol"> Details </span>, then click the <span class="uicontrol"> Console </span> tab.) </li> 
      <li id="li_E62CE613E4B84050AC0900F7352B02B5">Fixed an issue that caused only 50 pages to be shown in the Pages report. (AN-115506) </li> 
     </ul> </p> 
<!-- <draft-comment> 
     <p>Update the ad hoc <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/dsc/c_sys_reqs.html" format="html" scope="external"> system reqs </a> page in Oct. </p> 
    </draft-comment> --> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> Activity Map </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> 
     <ul id="ul_0B70B5AEE69143D9A5FFA290478E845D"> 
      <li id="li_4188BBF771B4437AA5FF3240C46FB1D3">Fixed an issue that caused link clicks in the page details report to report on element page instead of clickmappage. This resulted in an incorrect number of link clicks to be reported. (AN-127422) </li> 
     </ul> </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> Report Builder </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> 
     <ul id="ul_474A432BB16E403E94AFAFDB889AF8C2"> 
      <li id="li_72A66E25EFB54450B505F716AD2C47AB">Fixed an issue with the Browser dimension not being available as a breakdown for Operating System. (AN-130197) </li> 
     </ul> </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> Data Warehouse </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> 
     <ul id="ul_9A4E12DD7F254411AA9452735D63CA80"> 
      <li id="li_A06DD2F318FF4187A23786FB44E2A8E6"> ASI: Official end-of-life (and no longer visible in UI) </li> 
      <li id="li_80A4B701736E4128972B1F06D922DA0E"> DB VISTA upload: Added row count info to success e-mails (AN-126004) </li> 
     </ul> </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> Data Sources </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> 
     <ul id="ul_9A5FC169793F4266922D1352CF0428AE"> 
      <li id="li_9B9B368BB4C647F987889D7DEDC9832E"> Fixed bugs related to latency issues with Triggers and LiveStream. </li> 
      <li id="li_D5596AB9E55549C286A82A3A0937E653"> Fixed performance bugs in Classifications. </li> 
     </ul> </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> Clickstream Data Feed </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> N/A </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> AppMeasurement (Legacy and Mobile SDKs) </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> 
<!-- <draft-comment> 
     <p>https://wiki.corp.adobe.com/display/omtrcache/AppMeasurement+Change+Log </p> 
     <p>https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/sc/appmeasurement/release/index.html </p> 
    </draft-comment> --> <p> <b> <span class="keyword"> AppMeasurement </span> for JavaScript</b> </p> <p>Version 1.7.0: </p> 
    <ul id="ul_28F8F3FFD8424AB49A391B2BD1A123DD"> 
     <li id="li_A9DC9EFFD3C34FE5BF189DED96CD5FB2">Update Audience Manager module with Demdex Integration Library (DIL) 6.6. (AN-132065) </li> 
     <li id="li_DE19018CA1DA4D8F91141F5EF8DFD3B2">Inclusion of Visitor API 1.9.0. (AN-132072) </li> 
    </ul> 
<!-- <draft-comment> 
     <p> <b>JavaScript H code (Legacy)</b> </p> 
     <p> <b>AppMeasurement for Flash</b> </p> 
     <p>See </p> 
    </draft-comment> --> <p> <b> <span class="keyword"> AppMeasurement </span> for Other Platforms</b> </p> <p>See <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/sc/appmeasurement/release/index.html" scope="external" format="https"> AppMeasurement Release History </a> the following for a release history of <span class="keyword"> AppMeasurement </span> on the following platforms: </p> 
    <ul id="ul_B20AE0B814074E7887113D26F71AF819"> 
     <li id="li_0E5778051926414F8EF1310EE31C5279">JavaScript </li> 
     <li id="li_D2B8E769EE444CBC9B06305DAE4B225D">iOS </li> 
     <li id="li_B4882878F13E47A189CB24300F5E02E3">Android </li> 
     <li id="li_30AFDC29D0494DCE9F5A5483DC1949DA">Flash-Flex </li> 
     <li id="li_856331E040C54418B4E86248AB3DD709">OSX </li> 
     <li id="li_24991A6893F24277BEBE304402188053">Windows Phone, XBOX, Silverlight, and .NET </li> 
     <li id="li_3DAEC196557B4DC980E65CC1063F2010">BlackBerry </li> 
     <li id="li_0F692A16727E495AA441355F6E86BC9C">Java </li> 
     <li id="li_F6CB5C9C1E384E2E8F61A0C169A65587">PHP </li> 
     <li id="li_B495C8F3A90C4C7F9D9CF97C8EC548D6">Symbian </li> 
    </ul> 
<!-- <draft-comment> 
     <p>Writers: When these version numbers change, update the mobile-versions.php on the microsite with latest. Additionally, update https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/sc/appmeasurement/release/. </p> 
    </draft-comment> --> <p> <b>See Also:</b> <a href="../../c-legacy-releases/2016/10202016.md#mcvid" format="dita" scope="local"> Marketing Cloud ID Service </a> (formerly <span class="term"> visitor ID service </span>) </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> Analytics Web Services (SOAP and REST APIs) </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> <b>Deprecation Notice</b> </p> <p> Version 1.2 of the Web Services API was officially deprecated on February 20, 2014. It will reach end-of-life on September 15, 2016. At that time, Adobe will remove the ability of the API servers to respond to version 1.2 API requests. Any API requests made to the <span class="filepath"> https://api.omniture.com/admin/1.2 </span> endpoint will return a 404. 
     <!--https://jira.corp.adobe.com/browse/AN-118670; run this notice until Sept.--></p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> Data Workbench </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>See <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/insight/whatsnew/" format="https" scope="external"> Data Workbench Release Notes </a>. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

**Fixes, Enhancements, and Deprecations** 

* Fixed a bug that prevented you from viewing a segment if the segment name contained an HTML encoded value. (AAM-21860)
* Fixed a bug in the [!UICONTROL  Onboarding Status Report] that prevented the bar chart from loading when filtering records by a single day. (AAM-26702)
* Fixed a bug that prevented you from mapping segment IDs to a server-to-server destination. (AAM-26174)
* Fixed a bug in [!UICONTROL  Audience Marketplace] that prevented some customers from subscribing to data feeds. (AAM-26334)
* Fixed a bug in [!UICONTROL  Audience Marketplace] that prevented data providers from receiving access requests from data buyers. (AAM-25813)
* Fixed a bug that prevented users with Admin permissions from updating the permissions of another user with Admin permissions. (AAM-25804)
* Fixed a bug in the [!UICONTROL  Onboarding Status Report] that prevented the number of items for a page view from updating when you changed the display amount. (AAM-26339)
* Fixed a bug in the [!UICONTROL  Onboarding Status Report] that prevented the status graph from updating when you changed the date range. (AAM-26473)
* Fixed a bug in segment rule builder that removed parenthesis from segment rule logic. (AAM-24388)
* Fixed broken links to the help documentation in the UI footer. (AAM-26609)
* Fixed a bug that prevented the [!UICONTROL  Onboarding Status Report] the prevented error sampling from returning errors in your inbound data file. See also, [Onboarding Status Report: About](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/aam/onboarding-status-report.html). (AAM-26460)
* In the [!UICONTROL  Onboarding Status Report], the summary metrics table for success and failure rates is limited to 5 rows plus the aggregate totals. (AAM-25485)
* Added an action button to a trait update/edit warning message that let's the user close the message window. Previously, the message closed automatically and did give the user enough time to read it. (AAM-25559)
* You can now save a segment with the same segment rules and data source as another segment as long as the new segment has a different profile merge rule. (AAM-26671)

**DIL Bug Fixes, Enhancements, and Deprecated Code** 

DIL is the API data collection code for [!DNL  Audience Manager]. The October release increments DIL to version 6.6. Upgrade to the latest version to take advantage of these changes. 

* DIL synchronizes IDs with Adobe Media Optimizer and other internal Adobe domains directly on the page. To enable this functionality, DIL sets a new cookie, ` AAM_ *` partner name here`*_ *` containerNSID here`*`. See [DIL create](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/aam/r_dil_create.html) for information about the ` *` partner name`*` and ` *` containerNSID`*` variables. This type of synchronization helps improve match rates for Media Optimizer. (MCID-138)
* DIL uses the value set by ` loadTimeout` property of the [!DNL  Marketing Cloud] ID service to determine how long to wait for a ` getMarketingCloudVisitorID` response from the data collection server. See [loadTimeout](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mcvid/mcvid-loadtimeout.html). (MCID-143)

Planned Release Date: **October 25, 2016**

**Improvements** 

* Facebook Branded Content is now supported. When publishing 3rd party branded content that is not the brand of your own Facebook page, you can tag the featured 3rd party in your post from [!DNL  Publish Anywhere]. For more information, see [Facebook Branded Content Policies](https://www.facebook.com/policies/brandedcontent/).
* Animated GIFs are now supported within Twitter Moderation. No content is lost when looking at your Twitter feed within [!DNL  Adobe Social].
* [!DNL  Adobe Social] now supports Twitter's new character count calculation, allowing you to put more into your tweets. For more information, see the [Twitter blog](https://blog.twitter.com/express-even-more-in-140-characters).

**Fixes** 

* Fixed an issue where GIF images were not displaying correctly on the details page of any reply, retweet, or quoted tweet.
* Fixed an issue where [!UICONTROL  Attach Photo Album] was not clickable in [!UICONTROL  Publish Anywhere] when expanded to full screen.
* Fixed an issue where Facebook posts that had a failed moderation action became stuck in the feed and moderation options were no longer available.
* Fixed an issue where changes were not saved after uploading and editing an image within [!UICONTROL  Publish Anywhere].
* Fixed an issue where clicking on Instagram hashtags from within [!DNL  Adobe Social] was navigating users to the wrong page.
* Fixed an issue where platform-specific changes made to a draft post in edit mode weren't reflected in the updated draft post in the [!UICONTROL  Content Calendar].
* Fixed an issue where some tweets were not displaying correctly within [!DNL  Adobe Social].

## Target

Refer to the [Adobe Target Release Notes](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/target/rn/) for the latest release information about the following products: 

* Target Standard and Premium
* Target Classic
* Recommendations Classic

## Primetime

Adobe Primetime is a multiscreen TV platform that helps media companies create and monetize engaging, personalized viewing experiences. 

<table id="table_C6AADED0926246FAA06AFA5DE1974671"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Feature </th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> Server Side Ad Insertion (SSAI) QoS Monitoring Dashboard </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> 
    <!--<p>Run through May</p>--> <p> This is Primetime's first integration into the Adobe Marketing Cloud interface. The first iteration of this Quality of Service dashboard enables you to track SSAI request counts, request success rates and HTTP error counts in interactive formats. More importantly, this dashboard is expandable and will allow Primetime to harness the Marketing Cloud more fully. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

[Primetime Help Home](https://help.adobe.com/en_US/primetime/) 

## Campaign

[!DNL  Adobe Campaign] provides an intuitive, automated way to deliver one-to-one messages across online and offline marketing channels. You can now anticipate what your clients want using experiences determined by their habits and preferences. 

For product documentation, see: 

**Adobe Campaign Standard** 

* [Adobe Campaign Standard Release Notes](https://docs.campaign.adobe.com/doc/standard/en/RN.html)
* [Adobe Campaign Standard Documentation](https://docs.campaign.adobe.com/doc/standard/en/home.html)

**Adobe Campaign V6** 

* [Adobe Campaign v6 Release Notes](https://docs.campaign.adobe.com/doc/AC6.1/en/RN.html)
* [Adobe Campaign v6 Documentation](https://docs.campaign.adobe.com/doc/AC6.1/en/home.html)

## Experience Manager

Adobe recommends customers with on-premise deployments to deploy the latest patches to ensure higher stability, security, and performance. 

<table id="table_5AB641198DF34491AE6D411A9BA32B51"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry"></th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Title </th> 
   <th colname="col3" class="entry"> Description </th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1" morerows="5"> <p> <b>Product releases</b> </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Mobile 2016.12 </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p> <a href="https://helpx.adobe.com/digital-publishing-solution/help/whats-new.html" format="https" scope="external"> Mobile update release </a>. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>AEM Desktop App 1.3 </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p> <a href="https://docs.adobe.com/docs/en/aem/6-2/release-notes/desktop-app-release-notes.html" format="https" scope="external"> AEM Desktop App 1.3 </a> provides performance enhancements and stability of accessing files and saving changes to AEM (Adobe Experience Manager), especially from Creative Cloud desktop applications, such as <span class="keyword"> Adobe InDesign </span>, <span class="keyword"> Adobe Illustrator </span>, or <span class="keyword"> Adobe Photoshop </span>. This release aims to provide users with a more local desktop-like experience when working with files, while simultaneously handling network data transfer operations in the background. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>AEM 3D Assets Feature Pack </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p> <a href="https://docs.adobe.com/docs/en/aem/6-2/release-notes/aem3d-release-notes.html" format="https" scope="external"> This feature pack </a> enables support for 3D content in AEM Assets. It provides capabilities to upload, manage, preview, and render 3D assets. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Livefyre release </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p> <a href="https://answers.livefyre.com/developers/reference/release-notes/september-29-2016/" format="https" scope="external"> Livefyre update release </a>. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Scene7 Viewers </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/s7/viewers_ref/c_rn_10_13_16.html" format="https" scope="external"> Scene7 Viewers 5.5.1 release. </a> </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Scene7 </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p> <a href="https://marketing-stage.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/s7/release_notes/" format="https" scope="external"> Scene7 Fall 2016 release </a>. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> <b>Product maintenance releases</b> </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>AEM 6.1 Cumulative Fix Pack 1 </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>Starting with AEM 6.1 Service Pack 2, Adobe has introduced a single delivery model for releasing fixes. Instead of releasing hot fixes for single issues, Adobe will release a Cumulative Fix Pack (CFP) every month (subject to passing quality checks), which is an aggregator content package for multiple fixes. CFPs do not include any improvements, but have the following advantages over single hot fix releases: </p> 
    <ul id="ul_DFA24E2E62124EC4AF43F3FB7DC83A04"> 
     <li id="li_4B9BF1AE42EB4A66BD9EE6E2AD591553">Increased quality assurance. </li> 
     <li id="li_60EB24564B72403394D338FB51F76F42">Simplified installation (User installs a CFP as a single package that has no dependencies, except for the latest service pack). </li> 
     <li id="li_51D0C51AD6374578A1DA051454117668">Cumulative in nature (for example, CFP 3 contains fixes for CFP2 and CFP1) For more information on CFP and other types of releases, see <a href="https://docs.adobe.com/content/docs/en/aem/6-2/deploy/maintenance-release-vehicle-definitions.html" format="https" scope="external"> Maintenance Release Vehicle </a>. </li> 
    </ul> <p>The <a href="https://www.adobeaemcloud.com/content/marketplace/marketplaceProxy.html?packagePath=/content/companies/public/adobe/packages/cq610/cumulativefixpack/cq-6.1.0-sp2-cfp-wrapper" format="https" scope="external"> AEM 6.1 Cumulative Fix Pack </a> is available on the Adobe Package Share and the release notes under <a href="https://helpx.adobe.com/experience-manager/release-notes--aem-6-1-cumulative-fix-pack-.html" format="https" scope="external"> https://helpx.adobe.com/experience-manager/release-notes--aem-6-1-cumulative-fix-pack-.html </a></p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> <b>Self-help</b> </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>AEM 6.2 documentation updates </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>Completed several enhancements to the example used to explain how to pre-configure a <a href="https://helpx.adobe.com/aem-forms/6-2/using-web-service-rule-editor.html" format="https" scope="external"> Web services in rule editor </a>. Also, attached sample files that one can directly upload to CRX to get the example working. </p> <p> Added <a href="https://docs.adobe.com/docs/en/aem/6-2/develop/best-practices.html" format="https" scope="external"> Developer Best Practices </a> for: Content Architecture, Software Architecture, Coding Tips, Coding Pitfalls, JCR Interaction and OSGI Bundles. </p> <p> Documented settings to use OpenOffice files with <a href="https://helpx.adobe.com/aem-forms/6-2/install-configure-pdf-generator.html" format="https" scope="external"> AEM Forms PDF Generator </a>. </p> <p> Updated the <a href="https://docs.adobe.com/docs/en/aem/6-2/administer/security/saml-2-0-authenticationhandler.html" format="https" scope="external"> SAML 2.0 Authentication Handler </a> documentation to include: 
     <ul id="ul_A4990FA7CD4C4FC68605B35C6A417323"> 
      <li id="li_785DD3308B67417893430E85B7D024C8"> <a href="https://docs.adobe.com/docs/en/aem/6-2/administer/security/saml-2-0-authenticationhandler.html#Add%20the%20IdP%20certificate%20to%20the%20AEM%20TrustStore" format="https" scope="external"> The new location of the IdP certificate in the AEM Truststore </a>. </li> 
      <li id="li_6AE5120348F641F0ABEC168245C63BD5"> <a href="https://docs.adobe.com/docs/en/aem/6-2/administer/security/saml-2-0-authenticationhandler.html#Add%20the%20Service%20Provider%20key%20and%20certificate%20chain%20to%20the%20AEM%20keystore" format="https" scope="external"> The new location of the Service Provider key and the certificate chain in AEM </a>. </li> 
     </ul></p> <p> 
     </p> <p> <b>AEM Communities</b> </p> <p>New nested groups feature available in AEM 6.2 Communities FP1 and AEM 6.1 Communities Feature Pack 5: </p> <p> 
     <ul id="ul_A662620D78324E50999498A3B09A2C23"> 
      <li id="li_5FB1BFBACFF04CE498CB8BDCAAC48E50">New <a href="https://docs.adobe.com/docs/en/aem/6-2/administer/communities/consoles/sites/groups.html" format="https" scope="external"> Groups console </a> section of Communities <a href="https://docs.adobe.com/docs/en/aem/6-2/administer/communities/consoles/sites.html" format="https" scope="external"> Sites console </a>. </li> 
      <li id="li_E59A53E1ED6D4D9AA90727AAFF37A7E3">Adapted <a href="https://docs.adobe.com/docs/en/aem/6-2/administer/communities/getting-started.html" format="https" scope="external"> Getting Started </a> tutorial to show adding nested groups from both author and publish environments. </li> 
      <li id="li_3ABE609D7ADB4C25A185E6EE021D3E2C">Updated <a href="https://docs.adobe.com/docs/en/aem/6-2/administer/communities/overview.html#Community%20Groups%20and%20Group%20Templates" format="https" scope="external"> Overview </a> to mention nested groups. </li> 
     </ul> </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> <b>Community</b> </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Get the latest AEM Developer Community event calendar and more. </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>The AEM Technologist Community in Adobe Communities is a great learning resource center for AEM customers. For example, you can: </p> 
    <ul id="ul_5FE58ADEC03F4E4DBAEB145A6A54BEB3"> 
     <li id="li_6308F683F1D54AB3909CE735FDA7D98F">See upcoming GEMs and "Ask the Expert" webinar series. </li> 
     <li id="li_C599F40A57054E759058B59076C67255">See in-person events from across the globe. </li> 
     <li id="li_8787A54CE1364945B4C8A46D795148CA">Access on-demand recordings </li> 
    </ul> <p> <a href="https://communities.adobe.com/en/communities/aem_technologistsdevelopersarchitects/about.html" format="https" scope="external"> Join now </a>. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1" morerows="1"> <p> <b>Training Services</b> </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>AEM Architect Workshops </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p> This three-day course is designed for AEM architects and Senior AEM developers to accelerate the learning and understanding of recommended practices for AEM 6.1. </p> <p>Participants will gain knowledge of AEM's architecture design, migration methodologies and recommended practices, integration with Adobe and 3rd party solutions, and performance optimization. Collaborative exercises will challenge the participants, driving the creation of solution designs and applying them to implementation walk-throughs with their peers. </p> <p>Two sessions are scheduled in EMEA: one in Maidenhead, November 15, 2016, and one in Basel, November 21, 2016. Register for either session at the following: </p> <p> <a href="https://training.adobe.com/training/courses/aem-architect-workshop.html" format="https" scope="external"> https://training.adobe.com/training/courses/aem-architect-workshop.html </a> </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>AEM Power Sessions </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>Join Adobe's digital marketing expert for three power sessions on learning how you can drive the success of your digital marketing programs by effectively using the powerful innovations and integration capabilities in Adobe Marketing Cloud. </p> <p>Learn how to use MongoDB on AEM, integrate AEM with Adobe Analytics, and how to use the advanced features of AEM digital assets. </p> <p> 
    </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

Additional resources: 

* [AEM Help Home](https://docs.adobe.com)
* [AEM Assets, on-demand Release Notes](https://docs.adobe.com/docs/en/aod/overview/release-notes.html)
* [SPS Release Notes](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/s7/release_notes/index.html)

## Media Optimizer

We are excited to announce the community for [Adobe Media Optimizer](https://forums.adobe.com/community/experience-cloud/advertising-cloud)! It is a place where you can ask questions, get advice, share best practices, and learn more about the product. The Community provides a platform to connect, share, and collaborate with Adobe teams and fellow product users from around the world. It is a great opportunity to get help and help others. 

As you participate in the community, Adobe recognizes your engagement and rewards top contributors regularly. It gives you greater visibility amongst fellow participants and ground to establish yourself as product expert. 

The community is free for all and you just need a valid email ID to join and participate on the community. 

We look forward to see you and hear from you at the community! 

**New Features in Media Optimizer** 

<table id="table_A41D8C79DEE84AE59FE9C8D2D291FCD7"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Feature </th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Search Campaigns </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Support was added for Kochava as a mobile measurement partner for Google AdWords app install ads and app extensions. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Search Campaigns Beta </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>New grids and settings are available for ad groups, placements, Google call-only ads, Google app install ads, and auto targets. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"></td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Beta campaign settings include device bid adjustments, negative keywords, and tracking. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Search Advanced Campaign Management(ACM) </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Google AdWords text ad templates support expanded text ads (ETAs). </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Display Managed Campaigns </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Ad strategies include organization targeting. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"></td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Recency rules for ad strategies in optimized campaigns are now applied to the optimized bid that Media Optimizer generates, rather than to the base bid. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"></td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>The following creatives sizes are supported for RTB ad strategies: 580 x 100 and 320 x 320. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"></td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Target templates (presets) include all ad targets. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"></td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Labels are available as filters in reports. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"></td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Additional date range presets are available in the Managed Campaigns views. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Display Audiences </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>You can download an Excel spreadsheet with the addressable audience data for each segment in the Segments and Marketing Cloud Segments views. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Social Campaigns </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Ad targets created in Facebook editors using flexible targets are visible as read-only in Media Optimizer. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Social Feed Console Alpha </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>The feed console lists all files in your organization's FTP folder for product feed files. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Advertising Insights </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>(Search menu only) The new Match Type (Online) insight includes on-screen charts of the cost and weighted revenue across match types in a portfolio. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"></td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Beta access to advertising insights is available. Contact your account manager to participate. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

## Recent documentation updates

<table id="table_D245BAB62A304D5B9018375ABFEFFC09"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Item </th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
   <th colname="col3" class="entry"> Date Published / Last Updated </th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/reference/permissions-changes.html" format="html" scope="external"> Administrative Changes - Fall 2016 </a> </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> The Fall 2016 release of Adobe Analytics includes several updates groups and permission management. Please review the following information. </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>October 20, 2016 </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/analytics/analysis-workspace/" format="https" scope="external"> Fall 2016 - What's New in Analysis Workspace </a> </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>New features include: </p> 
    <ul id="ul_EF888D92D8184C0EB3614907D507752C"> 
     <li id="li_3C91204E74624390915861BF33926B84">Fallout Analysis in Analysis Workspace </li> 
     <li id="li_761C32B08E96442FB4173E4CD6BBD434">Flow Visualization in Analysis Workspace </li> 
     <li id="li_49889A6F5E564629B879C65CF4BD32A3">Intelligent Alerts in Analysis Workspace </li> 
     <li id="li_5E042F3E660B441181571631A9582E42"> Anomaly Detection and Contribution Analysis in Analysis Workspace </li> 
     <li id="li_DC67BCABCCDB4F4A860BC18995788440">Starter Projects in Analysis Workspace </li> 
     <li id="li_87B0165F2C4242CD9D03A4F9F4358AEE">Histogram Visualization in Analysis Workspace </li> 
    </ul> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>October 20, 2016 </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mcloud/triggers.html" format="html" scope="external"> Marketing Cloud Triggers </a> </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> Identify, define, and monitor key consumer behaviors, and then generate cross-solution communication to re-engage visitors. </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>September 15, 2016 </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <a href="https://docs.adobe.com/content/docs/en/aem/6-2.html" format="https" scope="external"> Adobe Experience Manager 6.2 </a> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Adobe Experience Manager 6.2 is an upgrade release to the code base of Adobe Experience Manager 6.1. It provides new and enhanced functionality, key customer fixes, high priority customer enhancements and general bug fixes oriented toward product stabilization. It also includes Adobe Experience Manager 6.1 feature pack, hot fix, and service pack releases. </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>May 19, 2016 </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/analytics/getting-started/" format="https" scope="external"> Getting Started with Analytics </a> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>A getting started guide for new Analytics administrators, including <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/analytics/getting-started/t_analytics_implementation_get_started.html" format="html" scope="external"> implementation for first-time users </a>. </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>May 15, 2016 </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mcloud/marketing-cloud-integrations.html" format="https" scope="external"> Marketing Cloud Integrations </a> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>A round-up of available integration topics. </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>May 15, 2016 </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/analytics/activitymap/" format="https" scope="external"> Activity Map </a> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> <span class="wintitle"> Activity Map </span> product documentation. </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>April 14, 2016 </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <a href="https://marketing-stage.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mcloud/mc-audiences-aam.html" format="https" scope="external"> Marketing Cloud Audiences in Analytics </a> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> With the Marketing Cloud Audiences for Analytics integration in place, you can incorporate Marketing Cloud audience data such as demographic information (e.g. gender or income level), psychographic information (e.g. interests and hobbies), CRM data, and ad impression data into any Analytics workflow. </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>April 14, 2016 </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/reference/?f=analytics-product-comparison" format="https" scope="external"> Analytics Product Comparison </a> </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Added a product comparison table for Analytics products. </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>February 18, 2016 </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mcloud/?f=marketing-cloud-assets" format="https" scope="external"> Marketing Cloud Assets </a> </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>In Marketing Cloud Assets, you can store, share, and synchronize your digital assets from one central location. Marketing Cloud Assets leverages some of the features available in <span class="keyword"> Adobe Experience Manager </span> (AEM). </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>February 11, 2016 </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/analytics/analysis-workspace/?f=new-features-in-analysis-workspace" format="https" scope="external"> Analysis Workspace features </a> </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Added documentation for new features in Analysis Workspace. </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>January 21, 2016 </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>(Updated) <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mcloud/?f=user_mgmt_admin" format="https" scope="external"> Users and Groups </a></p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Analytics Administrators: If you are an administrator in the Marketing Cloud, see <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mcloud/?f=user_mgmt_admin" format="https" scope="external"> Users and Groups </a> for updated information about mapping Analytics groups to broader Adobe groups, and adding or bulk-adding users via the <a href="https://aedash.adobe.com/" format="http" scope="external"> Enterprise Dashboard </a>. </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>September 17, 2015 </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/analytics/analysis-workspace/" format="https" scope="external"> Analysis Workspace </a> </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Updated Analysis Workspace product documentation with feature descriptions, tasks for creating projects, videos, and use cases. </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>September 17, 2015 </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/sc/implement/?f=timestamp-optional" format="https" scope="external"> Timestamps Optional </a> </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Added product documentation and best practices for Timestamps Optional. This feature lets you integrate both timestamped and non-timestamped data in a report suite. All new report suites will be Timestamps Optional by default. </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>September 17, 2015 </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/insight/whatsnew/?f=c_6_5_" format="https" scope="external"> Data Workbench 6.5 Update </a> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>See Data Workbench 6.5 release notes for instructions to upgrade and a list of new features and bug fixes, including a new Associations table and chord diagram and updates to visualizations, user interface, algorithms, and export features. </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> September 17, 2015 </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/reference/?f=classification_rule_definitions" format="https" scope="external"> Select Report Suites and Variables </a> </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Updated the Classification Rule Builder so that you add report suites and variables to a rule set when editing an existing rule set (after creating the rule set). Previously, you specified the variable and report suite while creating the rule set. This change prevents reported issues occurring with classification variables. </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>August 20, 2015 </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/aam/?f=profile-link-intro.html" format="https" scope="external"> Profile Link </a> </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Profile Link works with cross-device data sources to identify and collect traits for authenticated site visitors. It includes the Profile Merge Rules feature, which lets you segment and target users accurately across multiple devices. </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>August 20, 2015 </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> New <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/analytics/calcmetrics/index.html" format="html" scope="external"> Calculated Metric Builder </a> and Calculated Metric Manager </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Calculated Metrics now allow for segmented metrics, more advanced math and the ability to organize and share metrics. </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>June 18, 2015 </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/analytics/analysis-workspace/" format="https" scope="external"> Analysis Workspace </a> (public beta) </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Build data tables and drag-and-drop metrics, dimensions, segments, and multiple visualizations to a project panel. </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>June 18, 2015 </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/insight/whatsnew/" format="https" scope="external"> Data Workbench 6.4 </a> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Data Workbench 6.4 release includes several new features described <a href="../../c-legacy-releases/2015/06182015.md#features_analytics_premium" format="dita" scope="local"> here </a>. </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>June 18, 2015 </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/whitepapers/first_party_cookies/?f=adobe_managed_cert_pgm" format="https" scope="external"> Adobe Managed Certificate Program </a> </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Added <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/whitepapers/first_party_cookies/?f=adobe_managed_cert_pgm" format="https" scope="external"> Adobe Managed Certificate Program </a> to the revamped <span class="term"> First-Party Cookies </span> product documentation. </p> <p>The managed certificate program lets you implement a new first-party SSL certificate for first-party cookies at no additional cost. </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>May 22, 2015 </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mobile/" format="https" scope="external"> Mobile </a> </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Revamped the Adobe Mobile product documentation. </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>May 22, 2015 </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mcloud/index.html?f=core_services" format="https" scope="external"> Enabling Your Solutions for Core Services </a> </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>A high-level round-up what you need to do to modernize your solution implementations for core services. </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>March 19, 2015 </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mcloud/index.html?f=attributes" format="https" scope="external"> Customer Attributes </a> </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>If you capture enterprise customer data in a customer relationship management (CRM) database, you can upload that data into the Marketing Cloud. </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>March 19, 2015 </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <a href="../../c-legacy-releases/2015/03192015.md#concept_3DD490B0F7DD4157BD55519762B53B0C" format="dita" scope="local"> Analytics Spring Release </a> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>See the <a href="../../c-legacy-releases/2015/03192015.md#analytics" format="dita" scope="local"> New Features </a> section in Analytics for a round-up of new documentation for the Spring 2015 Analytics release. </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>March 19, 2015 </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Analytics <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/reference/classification_rule_set.html" format="https" scope="external"> Classification Rules </a> - overwrite existing values </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>In <span class="uicontrol"> Admin Tools </span> &gt; <span class="uicontrol"> Classification Rule Builder </span> &gt; <span class="term"> &amp;lt;rule set name&amp;gt; </span>, two new options enable you to select an overwrite mode: </p> 
    <ul id="ul_0CF49177F4C84540B43A778EC7317FB0"> 
     <li id="li_01B970B834C548628C720E4CD79CEFD4"> <b>Rules overwrite any existing values:</b> (Default setting) Always overwrite existing classification keys, including classifications uploaded via the importer (SAINT). </li> 
     <li id="li_CA05A9D2C63A42DFA04FD0C66AFA38F4"> <b>Rules overwrite only unset values:</b> Only fill in blank (unset) cells. Existing classifications will not be changed. </li> 
    </ul> <p>Previously, if a key was already classified in any column or cell, the rule would not run on that key, and the row in the table was skipped. </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>February 19, 2015 </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

