---
description: Analytics 1.4.1 (Technology Report updates, classifications on additional reports, social content-aware reporting), Social 3.1.1 (rule variables, Marketing Overview dashboard filter, unified moderation (beta), and more), Target Standard 1.3 (geo-targeting), Target Advanced 3.7 (general improvements)
keywords: release notes
seo-description: Analytics 1.4.1 (Technology Report updates, classifications on additional reports, social content-aware reporting), Social 3.1.1 (rule variables, Marketing Overview dashboard filter, unified moderation (beta), and more), Target Standard 1.3 (geo-targeting), Target Advanced 3.7 (general improvements)
seo-title: Release Notes - November 14 2013
solution: Experience Cloud,Release Notes
title: Release Notes - November 14 2013
---

# Release Notes - November 14 2013

Release date: **November 14 2013**

<p id="top" class="head"> <b> <span class="keyword"> Marketing Cloud </span> and Cloud Services</b> </p>


* [ Data Connectors ](11142013.md#concept_DA079CDF69874174B472132117B5A31A/section_AA052DFD541C4AE184479944A94E51A7)
* [ Dynamic Tag Management ](11142013.md#concept_DA079CDF69874174B472132117B5A31A/section_27C23F162CE7443B9CBDBCE47E3E736F)
* [ Adobe Mobile services ](11142013.md#concept_DA079CDF69874174B472132117B5A31A/section_6349293559DE4FBDB2BF0514E1C01482)

<p class="head"> <b> <span class="keyword"> Adobe Analytics 1.4.1 </span> </b> </p>


* [ Adobe Analytics 1.4.1 new features ](11142013.md#concept_DA079CDF69874174B472132117B5A31A/section_47BB85DAED594B5DA8F0A7EA35A1D124)
* [ Marketing reports &amp; analytics ](11142013.md#concept_DA079CDF69874174B472132117B5A31A/section_916927579EEA4F48B7B5760C5261DDFB)
* [ Report builder 4.7 ](11142013.md#concept_DA079CDF69874174B472132117B5A31A/section_B14E5BE3BDEA4098AE53B98691A60CEC)
* [ Ad hoc analysis ](11142013.md#concept_DA079CDF69874174B472132117B5A31A/section_ACDB08468BAF4491A37FA48FAD2E9BB2)
* [ Data workbench ](11142013.md#concept_DA079CDF69874174B472132117B5A31A/section_A9A32A8B5206400491C19FD03BC7EEF7)
* [ Data warehouse ](11142013.md#concept_DA079CDF69874174B472132117B5A31A/section_37E4ED50B2E343F584C799A2BBEE4DC4)
* [ Clickstream data feeds ](11142013.md#concept_DA079CDF69874174B472132117B5A31A/section_78FB1710E2BE4A32805B98A8701AEEDE)
* [ AppMeasurement &amp; Mobile SDKs ](11142013.md#concept_DA079CDF69874174B472132117B5A31A/section_2622886D0314497B989F82D180737692)

<p class="head"> <b> <span class="keyword"> Adobe Social 3.1.1 </span> </b> </p>

* [ Adobe Social 3.1.1 ](11142013.md#concept_DA079CDF69874174B472132117B5A31A/section_DBF6DAB7D5974F25B7150F80288F80B0)
<p class="head"> <b> <span class="keyword"> Adobe Target </span> </b> </p>

* [ Adobe Target Standard 1.2 ](11142013.md#concept_DA079CDF69874174B472132117B5A31A/section_79FA6A61D2284D41A34F00014A342F07)
* [ Adobe Target Advanced 3.6.1 ](11142013.md#concept_DA079CDF69874174B472132117B5A31A/section_0773A59A01744E619F78D5F321FB1354)
<p class="head"> <b>Adobe <span class="keyword"> Media Optimizer </span></b> </p>


* [ Audience Management ](11142013.md#concept_DA079CDF69874174B472132117B5A31A/section_A8AF32E4E4F5429EADF25A9C9B431E5A)
* Advertising management
  Help for advertising management is available in the product at  `uicontrol  Help`  &gt; `uicontrol  Help Contents` .
  
  

<p class="head"> <b>Adobe <span class="keyword"> Experience Manager </span></b> </p>

* [ Adobe Experience Manager ](http://dev.day.com/docs/en/cq/current/release_notes/overview.html)
* [ Scene7 Publishing System Release Notes ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/s7/release_notes/index.html)
## Dynamic Tag Management {#section_27C23F162CE7443B9CBDBCE47E3E736F}

Dynamic tag management lets you manage your Analytics, Target, and other tags across all of your sites, regardless of your number of domains. It is part of `keyword  Adobe Marketing Cloud`, and available to customers at no additional cost.

See [ What's New in Dynamic Tag Management ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/dtm/whatsnew.html) for the latest release information.

[ Top ](11142013.md#concept_DA079CDF69874174B472132117B5A31A/top)

## Adobe Analytics 1.4.1 new features {#section_47BB85DAED594B5DA8F0A7EA35A1D124}

The `keyword  Adobe Analytics` 1.4.1 release provides the following enhancements to `keyword  Analytics` capabilities:

<table id="table_E60647CE81BC4F70A16D805D77A2DB0B"> 
 <tgroup cols="2"> 
  <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1" colwidth="1.00*" /> 
  <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2" colwidth="3.78*" /> 
  <thead> 
   <tr> 
    <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Feature </th> 
    <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
   </tr> 
  </thead> 
  <tbody> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> Mobile web browsers and operating systems on Technology reports </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>On <b>November 18, 2013</b>, mobile web browsers and mobile operating systems will be reported on the Browsers, Browser Types, and Operating Systems reports in marketing reports &amp; analytics. The following list contains the impact of this change to reporting: </p> 
     <ul id="ul_581EC3AB2F15426CAB3DFE49DFCA18FC"> 
      <li id="li_D8E5F6D5E581440CB0DCD157583D7043"> <span class="uicontrol"> Browsers Report </span>: Mobile devices are currently reported as "None" on this report. After this change, "None" will be replaced with specific versions of mobile browsers. </li> 
      <li id="li_78F93F8C48834F598BA8942206072F3A"> <span class="uicontrol"> Browser Types Report </span>: Mobile browsers are not currently included on this report, so after this change you'll see an increase in volume on this report proportional to the amount of mobile browser traffic received by your report suite. </li> 
      <li id="li_7BC1E7F34B784B69A4427AD15629FA64"> <span class="uicontrol"> Operating Systems Report </span>: Mobile devices are reported as "Not Specified" on this report. After this change, "Not Specified" will be replaced with specific versions of iOS, Android, and other mobile operating systems. </li> 
     </ul> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> Classifications on additional reports </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> Classifications are now available on <span class="wintitle"> Real-Time </span> and <span class="wintitle"> Anomaly Detection </span> reports in the marketing reports &amp; analytics and report builder capabilities. </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> Social content-aware reporting </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>Social content-aware reporting in report builder has added the following new elements and metric:</p> 
     <ul id="ul_2EE80B7FF76743EB924D957E3C50A656"> 
      <li id="li_C566A6E49EC34886B22BAD613823A0F2"> <b>Elements</b>: socialaccountandappids=Owned Social Account and App Ids; socialinteractiontype=Platform Interactions </li> 
      <li id="li_A0C5F3942A094F1595F151BDB9FFD551"> <b>Metric</b>: socialinteractioncount=Interactions </li> 
     </ul> </td> 
   </tr> 
  </tbody> 
 </tgroup> 
</table>

[ Analytics Help Home ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/reference/)

[ Top ](11142013.md#concept_DA079CDF69874174B472132117B5A31A/top)

## Marketing reports & analytics {#section_916927579EEA4F48B7B5760C5261DDFB}

**New features**

See [ Adobe Analytics 1.4.1 new features ](11142013.md#concept_DA079CDF69874174B472132117B5A31A/section_47BB85DAED594B5DA8F0A7EA35A1D124).

**Fixes**

* Fixed an alphabetization issue within the `uicontrol  Add Segment` drop-down list. The entire list of dimensions is now sorted alphabetically.
* Changed when cross-sell is activated when performing breakdowns on different classifications of the same product. Previously, any time `term  Product` (no classification or classification X) is broken down by `term  Product` (classification Y), cross-sell was activated. With this change, cross-sell is no longer activated for this type of breakdown. (Cross-sell displays the relationship between products in the same order. For example, if a visitor purchased Item A, cross-sell shows which other products were bought in the same order.)
* Fixed an issue where `wintitle  Custom Traffic` was not listed in the breakdown menu for the `wintitle  Operating Systems Report`.
* Fixed an issue that occurred when selecting or changing dates on a `wintitle  Next Page` or `wintitle  Previous Page` reportlet that caused the reportlet to display zeros.
* Fixed an issue that occurred after opening a bookmark, making changes, and saving it under a new folder. There was no save confirmation and the bookmark did not appear in the left bookmark menu. However, it did show up in `wintitle  Manage Bookmarks`.
* Fixed an issue that prevented the downloaded reports from sending correctly when they included an image with an unknown embedded ICC color profile. The ICC profile is now ignored and the report is sent correctly.
* Fixed an issue where the `wintitle  Next Page Report` was not downloadable as a CSV or as an Excel file.
* Fixed the alignment of the Totals column for `uicontrol  Test&amp;Target` &gt; `uicontrol  Campaigns` reports that caused calculated metrics to misalign.
* Fixed an issue on trended reports that caused smoothing to not be applied when you trend the Top 5 values. Smoothing was applied correctly when specific items were selected.
* Fixed an issue that prevented the PDF version of the `wintitle  Next Site Section` report from being downloaded and emailed.
[ Top ](11142013.md#concept_DA079CDF69874174B472132117B5A31A/top)

## Report builder 4.7 {#section_B14E5BE3BDEA4098AE53B98691A60CEC}

The Report builder 4.7 system requirements were updated to the following:

* Windows XP or higher
* 32-bit or 64-bit Microsoft Excel 2007 or higher
**New features**

See [ Adobe Analytics 1.4.1 new features ](11142013.md#concept_DA079CDF69874174B472132117B5A31A/section_47BB85DAED594B5DA8F0A7EA35A1D124).

**Fixes**

* Occasionally, the warning message "Please Exit the Excel Cell with focus before using this feature" displays you are not taking a specific action. Actions include launching Excel, logging in to report builder, typing a value into a cell, but leaving the focus in the cell.
See [ What's New in Report Builder ](https://microsite.omniture.com/t2/help/en_US/arb/?f=release_notes_arb) for feature information.

[ Top ](11142013.md#concept_DA079CDF69874174B472132117B5A31A/top)

## Ad hoc analysis {#section_ACDB08468BAF4491A37FA48FAD2E9BB2}

The ad hoc analysis release (11/14/2013) includes the following changes:

>[!IMPORTANT]
>
>If you launch ad hoc analysis from a`filepath  .jnlp` file, download and update the file by logging in to [ marketing reports &amp; analytics ](http://sc.omniture.com) and clicking `uicontrol  Adobe Marketing Cloud` &gt; `uicontrol  Ad Hoc Analysis` &gt; `uicontrol  Launch Ad hoc Analysis`. This lets you employ the latest Java installation and open directly to the ad hoc analysis capability.
**New features**

See [ Adobe Analytics 1.4.1 new features ](11142013.md#concept_DA079CDF69874174B472132117B5A31A/section_47BB85DAED594B5DA8F0A7EA35A1D124).

**Fixes**

* Users logging in without Admin rights were not being authorized to receive scheduled reports in `filepath  .rtf`, `filepath  .html` and `filepath  .pdf`. Non-admin users can now receive scheduled reports in all available formats.
* Labels for list variables classifications were displaying names incorrectly or not displaying any text in the label. The labels now display correctly.
* Displaying Trending data by clicking a Totals row for a selected dimension from an original report, such as a Ranked Report, would display the value of all dimension totals and not the value based on the selected dimension. This is now fixed to display the correct trending values based on the selected dimension.
* From the left tool panels, you can now right-click to delete elements, metrics, segments, and other customized listings.
* Previously, when previewing a scheduled report the report opened in the current workspace, causing confusion if the current workspace had a workspace filter applied. Now, a scheduled report opens in a new window to provide a true preview.
[ Ad Hoc Analysis Help ](https://microsite.omniture.com/t2/help/en_US/dsc/index.html)

[ Top ](11142013.md#concept_DA079CDF69874174B472132117B5A31A/top)

## Data workbench {#section_A9A32A8B5206400491C19FD03BC7EEF7}

Not updated in this release.

[ Data workbench help ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/insight/#Data_Workbench_Help)

[ Top ](11142013.md#concept_DA079CDF69874174B472132117B5A31A/top)

## Data warehouse {#section_37E4ED50B2E343F584C799A2BBEE4DC4}

**Fixes**

* When calculating Time Spent on Page, time spent is now calculated for the final page in a visit if a non-page view event or reload occurs on that page. This matches the logic used by marketing reports &amp; analytics.
* Fixed an issue that caused a report generation error in some circumstances when processing breakdowns on variables that have a large number of unique values.
* Fixed an issued that caused an invalid value to appear on reports where the selected dimension is Marketing Channel and the date range includes a date before the Marketing Channels existed.
* Fixed an issue that caused abnormally large values to appear in rare circumstances for some pathing metrics when reporting over long time frames.
* Improved error messages to provide more descriptive messages.
* Fixed an issue where case-sensitivity was not being considered correctly on some dimensions when the report contained a date granularity.
[ Top ](11142013.md#concept_DA079CDF69874174B472132117B5A31A/top)

## Clickstream data feeds {#section_78FB1710E2BE4A32805B98A8701AEEDE}

No changes in this release.

[ Top ](11142013.md#concept_DA079CDF69874174B472132117B5A31A/top)

## AppMeasurement & Mobile SDKs {#section_2622886D0314497B989F82D180737692}

**iOS and Android Version 4 SDKs for Marketing Cloud Solutions**



**AppMeasurement for JavaScript**

**1.2**

* Added support for [ heartbeat video measurement ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/sc/appmeasurement/hbvideo/).
** `keyword  AppMeasurement` for Other Platforms**

See [ AppMeasurement Release History ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/sc/appmeasurement/release/index.html) the following for a release history of `keyword  AppMeasurement` on the following platforms:

* JavaScript
* iOS
* Android
* Flash-Flex
* OSX
* Windows Phone, XBOX, Silverlight, and .NET
* BlackBerry
* Java
* PHP
* Symbian
[ Top ](11142013.md#concept_DA079CDF69874174B472132117B5A31A/top)

[ Analytics Help &amp; Reference Home ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/reference/home.html)

## Adobe Mobile services {#section_6349293559DE4FBDB2BF0514E1C01482}

Adobe Mobile services bring together mobile marketing capabilities for mobile applications from across the `keyword  Adobe Marketing Cloud`. Initially, the Mobile service provides seamless integration of app analytics and targeting capabilities from the `keyword  Adobe Analytics` and `keyword  Adobe Target` solutions.

Learn more at [ Adobe Mobile services documentation ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mobile/).

[ Top ](11142013.md#concept_DA079CDF69874174B472132117B5A31A/top)

## Adobe Social 3.1.1 {#section_DBF6DAB7D5974F25B7150F80288F80B0}

The Adobe Social 3.1.1 release (11/14/2013) includes the following changes:

<table id="table_4AFE196494A6408790ACDBB2D0F3FE5E"> 
 <tgroup cols="2"> 
  <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1" colwidth="1.00*" /> 
  <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2" colwidth="2.79*" /> 
  <thead> 
   <tr> 
    <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Feature </th> 
    <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
   </tr> 
  </thead> 
  <tbody> 
   <tr valign="top"> 
    <td colname="col1"> Rule variables </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> Social lets you create and save rule variables while creating listening rules. Rule variables let you create a single filter with conditions that can be reused in other listening rules. If you need to modify a rule variable, you change in one location and the changes are replicated to all listening rules in which you used the variable. </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr valign="top"> 
    <td colname="col1"> Filter Marketing Overview dashboard by owned properties </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> You can filter the <span class="wintitle"> Marketing Overview </span> dashboard to display data for only properties that the logged-in user owns. </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr valign="top"> 
    <td colname="col1"> Enhanced support for post downloads </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> Social now lets you download as many as 2,000,000 posts and their data (verbatims, authors, mentions, retweets, etc. ) from the Social Buzz report. </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr valign="top"> 
    <td colname="col1"> Post Analytics roll-up view </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> Social now provides an alternative view to the <span class="wintitle"> Post Analytics </span> report where customers can view post data in a table format with sortable columns, growth metrics, and metric totals for each platform. </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr valign="top"> 
    <td colname="col1"> Post Analytics native Twitter support </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> The <span class="wintitle"> Post Analytics </span> report now displays tweets created in Social and native tweets created in Twitter. </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr valign="top"> 
    <td colname="col1"> Hashtag auto-complete </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> Social now provides auto-complete functionality when using #tags while creating tweets in the Social Publisher. </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr valign="top"> 
    <td colname="col1"> Moderation Overview Dashboard (Beta) </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> The <span class="wintitle"> Moderation Overview </span> dashboard provides a complete view of your organization's moderation efforts. You can view moderation statistics for individual members of your team, see how long it takes your team to resolve escalated issues, determine which time of day most issues are escalated, compare the number of unresolved issues compared to resolved issues, and more. </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr valign="top"> 
    <td colname="col1"> Unified moderation (Beta) </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> The new multi-platform moderation feature lets you moderate inbound content from Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and on-site social communities powered by Adobe Experience Manager in customized moderation feeds, side-by-side, from one dashboard. </td> 
   </tr> 
  </tbody> 
 </tgroup> 
</table>

For more information, see the [ Social Release Notes ](https://microsite.omniture.com/t2/help/en_US/social/index.html?f=c_rel_notes).

**Fixes**

* Fixed an issue that prevented author mentions for newly added Twitter handles from displaying in moderation feeds.
* Fixed an issue when filtering a moderation feed that caused the `wintitle  Tracked Terms` auto-complete functionality to return the wrong values.
* An error message now displays when users attempt to name a publishing workflow with the same name as an existing workflow.
* Fixed an issue that caused an error message (Report Suite is New) when users attempted to create a new campaign.
* Fixed an alignment issue with dates in some graphs.
* Fixed an issue that prevented Social from properly backfilling Twitter data, even though Social indicated that backfilling was successfully completed.
* Fixed an issue that caused a cloned application to retain the schedule of the original application from which it was cloned.
* Fixed an issue that prevented customers from accessing the date and time controls when scheduling an application.
* Fixed an issue that caused an error message pop-up screen in a contest application to display behind the entry pop-up screen.
* Fixed an issue that prevented the `wintitle  Submit` button from displaying properly when an application was viewed in Microsoft Internet Explorer.
* Fixed an issue that prevented users from sharing a story when the target is set to current window.
* Fixed an issue that caused the inline text editing for a checkbox element to malfunction.
* Fixed an issue that allowed users to delete a live Facebook application.
* Fixed an issue that prevented the `wintitle  Share Story` pop-up screen from displaying after users clicked the `wintitle  Vote` button in a contest application.
* Fixed an issue that caused shared stories to not display correctly on mobile phones.
* Fixed an issue that caused a video's post time in reports to not match the actual post time on YouTube.
* Fixed an issue that prevented customers from publishing YouTube videos from Social using certain non-English UIs.
* Fixed an issue that caused formatting issues in tweets after text containing tabs was copied from another editor into Social and then published to Twitter, even though formatting in the preview displayed correctly.
* Fixed an issue that caused spelling corrections made with auto-correct in the `wintitle  Content Calendar` to not persist in the post.
* Fixed an issue that caused YouTube and Sina Weibo filters to display in the `wintitle  Content Calendar` even though those platforms were not enabled for the customer.
* Fixed an issue that prevented a LinkedIn group post containing a link from being published.
* Fixed an issue that caused text in the Publisher to become misaligned after pasting in a link.
* Fixed an issue that caused an error message to display when publishing a post with a custom link to a Google+ page.
* Fixed several issues with the notification email messages sent when LinkedIn posts are scheduled, approved, failed to post, etc.
* Fixed an issue that caused the `wintitle  Post Predictions` feature to keep processing even when no prediction data is available.
* Fixed an issue that caused an invalid URL error to display when attaching a link to a post in the Publisher.
* Fixed an issue that caused the post values in an exported report to be incorrect.
* Fixed an issue when editing a Facebook page's settings in Social that caused the previous owner settings to not be respected and the `wintitle  Moderation and Insights` and `wintitle  Predictions` settings to be reset to On, regardless of their previous settings.
* Fixed an authorization issue with LinkedIn companies and groups. The UI did not indicate when a company page or group needed to be re-authorized and provided no means to do re-authorize.
* Fixed an issue that caused inconsistencies when customers in areas that do not observe Daylight Saving Time (Arizona, for example) set their time zone preferences in `wintitle  Settings` &gt; `wintitle  Preferences`.
[ Top ](11142013.md#concept_DA079CDF69874174B472132117B5A31A/top)

## Adobe Target Standard 1.3 (Nov. 18, 2013) {#section_79FA6A61D2284D41A34F00014A342F07}

This release includes the following new features and enhancements:

<table id="table_F3321578C9E141ACA6FB7F3EB381356A"> 
 <tgroup cols="2"> 
  <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1" colwidth="*" /> 
  <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2" colwidth="*" /> 
  <thead> 
   <tr> 
    <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Feature </th> 
    <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
   </tr> 
  </thead> 
  <tbody> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> Geo-targeting </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> Target on Country, State, City, Zip code, or DMA. </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> Use the Visual Experience Composer to rearrange elements. </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> You can rearrange elements on the page using the Visual Experience Composer. </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> Preview experiences without simulator </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> Experiences can be viewed for testing without using the simulator. This is especially useful for sites that have constraints that do not allow simulation. </td> 
   </tr> 
  </tbody> 
 </tgroup> 
</table>

This release includes the following fixes:


* Fixed an issue where the click tracking metric was not deleted from an activity if the experience URL was reset.
* Fixed an issue in the experience composer that caused the default experience to flash quickly before new content displays when navigating through experiences.

This release includes the following known issues. These issues will be fixed in an upcoming update.


* Swapped images in area of a page that is not controlled by an mbox might result in a 404 error.
* Some shared cards for activities do not display the experiences and data.
* In the Visual Experience Composer, you can create an experience over the first image of the slider element, but not on others.
* Unable to swap an image when the image is referenced in CSS.
* An offer downloaded with an extension other then `filepath  .html`, or without any extension, is not rendered as an offer.
* Sample percentage set for an audience is not retained.
* Moving an HTML offer fails if an asset is moved to a different folder.
* Elements removed from a page cannot be highlighted if "activity mods" is selected.

For the latest product information, see the [ Target Standard online help ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/target/).

## Adobe Target Advanced 3.7 {#section_0773A59A01744E619F78D5F321FB1354}

This release includes the following enhancements:

<table id="table_4536D0B4BFAC4A6C840A1E180BDFC32C"> 
 <tgroup cols="2"> 
  <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1" colwidth="*" /> 
  <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2" colwidth="*" /> 
  <thead> 
   <tr> 
    <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Feature </th> 
    <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
   </tr> 
  </thead> 
  <tbody> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> Improved filtering of Insights report for 1:1 automated decisioning and targeting. </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> You can now filter the Insights report table by the offer or modeling group and location so it is easier to interpret. </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> Improved interest area counters in Insights report for 1:1 automated decisioning and targeting. </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> Renamed "Interest Area Counter" to "Amount of Interest" in the Insights report. The amount of interest ranges from 0 to 10, with a maximum of two digits after the decimal point. </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> Improved interest area crawler for 1:1 automated decisioning and targeting. </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> Added the option for the interest area crawler to be disabled at the individual customer level. </td> 
   </tr> 
  </tbody> 
 </tgroup> 
</table>

This maintenance release includes the following fixes:


* Fixed a generic Exception error that occurred when deleting a label.
* Backend changes to support Adobe Target Standard and future releases.
* Fixed an issue in the Modeling Groups report for automated decisioning and targeting where some offers did not display when switching between Visit and Impression/Page View.
* Fixed an issue where using a reusable segment twice in a campaign for campaign segments on a conversion/success metric did not update the segment name in reports.
* Fixed a user creation failure when the following email address used a `filepath  .coop` domain.
* Fixed an issue where the mbox usage count included deactivated mboxes.
* Fixed an error where adding a label in the Campaign list caused a JavaScript exception.
* Fixed an issue where campaigns did not load for some clients.
* Removed the client setting for "reset-campaign-report-data" and enabled it for all.
* Fixed a problem with the Campaign List API where some campaigns were not returned.
* Fixed an issue where data in a downloaded CSV does not match the Visits counts displayed in the interface.
* Fixed an issue where the mbox API was not recording all reported offline revenue.
* Fixed an internal server error reported by the Audit Report API.
* Fixed an error in the Daily Result graph.
* Fixed a problem with the definition of RPV in the reporting interface.
* Fixed an issue that caused the Campaign State API to not reset the activation date.
* Fixed an error that cause an empty Name and empty URL to update.
* Fixed an issue that caused some deactivated mboxes to also appear in the active mboxes list.

For the latest product information, see the [ Target Advanced online help ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/tnt/help/).

[ Top ](11142013.md#concept_DA079CDF69874174B472132117B5A31A/top)

This release includes the following change:

<table id="table_A1B82F7E506A458C80FCAFF7C83D2FB9"> 
 <tgroup cols="2"> 
  <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1" colwidth="*" /> 
  <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2" colwidth="*" /> 
  <thead> 
   <tr> 
    <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Feature </th> 
    <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
   </tr> 
  </thead> 
  <tbody> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> Scheduled .csv file upload for Recommendations </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> Schedule uploads of .csv formatted product feeds from a FTP or HTTP location into Recommendations. </td> 
   </tr> 
  </tbody> 
 </tgroup> 
</table>

See [ Adobe Recommendations ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/rec/recs_home.html) for product help.

[ Top ](11142013.md#concept_DA079CDF69874174B472132117B5A31A/top)

## Search&Promote {#section_3F18C98BF09D4E10AD759C403F543162}

Note updated in this release.

See [ Adobe Search&amp;Promote Help Home ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/snp/) for product help.

[ Top ](11142013.md#concept_DA079CDF69874174B472132117B5A31A/top)

## Audience Management {#section_A8AF32E4E4F5429EADF25A9C9B431E5A}

See the [ Audience Management Release Notes ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/demdex/index.html?f=c_release_notes) for more information.

[ Media Optimizer Help ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mo/home.html)

[ Top ](11142013.md#concept_DA079CDF69874174B472132117B5A31A/top)

## Data Connectors {#section_AA052DFD541C4AE184479944A94E51A7}

The data connectors release (11/14/2013) includes the following changes:

* Fixed an issue causing integrations to downgrade to Mode 2.
* BrightEdge: Fixed the variable mapping log for Page Name, so that it would be hidden in the change log.
* BrightEdge: Fixed an issue causing a warning when you rename calculated metrics using the left bracket ([) character.
* Fixed an issue in the Data Settings step causing strings to display if the name of a metric is too long.
* Fixed an issue preventing the Change Log from properly displaying the eVar name after changing the eVar mapping.
* Dev Center: Fixed an issue causing a product name to not be updated when partners enter a bug.
* Fixed an error occurring when deactivating a Demandbase version 2 integration.
* Added support for the `codeph  Product.GetAdProcessing`, `codeph  Product.GetAccessRequests`, and `codeph  Product.GetResources` APIs in the Dallas, London, and Singapore data centers.
[ Data Connectors Help ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/genesis/home.html)

[ Top ](11142013.md#concept_DA079CDF69874174B472132117B5A31A/top)

