---
description: SiteCatalyst 15.5, Discover 3.2, and general maintenance releases.
keywords: release notes
seo-description: SiteCatalyst 15.5, Discover 3.2, and general maintenance releases.
seo-title: Release Notes - May 23 2013
solution: Experience Cloud,Release Notes
title: Release Notes - May 23 2013
---

# Release Notes - May 23 2013

Release date: **May 23 2013**

Adobe Insight 6.0 release date: **June 07 2013**

** `keyword  Adobe Analytics` **

* [ SiteCatalyst 15.5 ](05232013.md#concept_0C2E2E59AF934F6C8B4322E92C0250FB/section_925D2E4C6BF7459EA69FC7F3219CDBB6)
* [ SiteCatalyst 14.9 Maintenance Release ](05232013.md#concept_0C2E2E59AF934F6C8B4322E92C0250FB/section_9E13EFA18B1A446E87299DE64B062129)
* [ ReportBuilder 4.4 ](05232013.md#concept_0C2E2E59AF934F6C8B4322E92C0250FB/section_CCA68951DCF24D87949D51FFF30362CD)
* [ ClickMap ](05232013.md#concept_0C2E2E59AF934F6C8B4322E92C0250FB/section_A0E711C08C404D6784DCAFD5139FEE6A)
* [ DataWarehouse ](05232013.md#concept_0C2E2E59AF934F6C8B4322E92C0250FB/section_178051456D0847FAA6BF6B0B3E453D6B)
* [ Web Services API ](05232013.md#concept_0C2E2E59AF934F6C8B4322E92C0250FB/section_4489FA0BB29747C0B7876E76DEC1551F)
* [ AppMeasurement &amp; Mobile ](05232013.md#concept_0C2E2E59AF934F6C8B4322E92C0250FB/section_D10E043093D1481C9944B2C7F9A62E7D)
* [ ClickStream Data Feeds ](05232013.md#concept_0C2E2E59AF934F6C8B4322E92C0250FB/section_C73194A4FA27446089C3368F02D4FCB1)
* [ Genesis 3.1 Maintenance Release ](05232013.md#concept_0C2E2E59AF934F6C8B4322E92C0250FB/section_D15E5E6E2A90425FA0786DAE6FAF7BF9)
* [ Discover 3.2 ](05232013.md#concept_0C2E2E59AF934F6C8B4322E92C0250FB/section_52FB88751D6D4284842CEC678191DE03)
* [ Insight 6.0 ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/insight/whatsnew/index.html) (released June 07 2013)
** `keyword  Adobe Target` **


* [ Test&amp;Target ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/tnt/help/#Release_Notes)
* [ Recommendations ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/rec/#Release_Notes)
* [ Search&amp;Promote ](05232013.md#concept_0C2E2E59AF934F6C8B4322E92C0250FB/section_708A2B94F3DC4850A1BAEB907200007F)

** `keyword  Adobe Social` **

* [ Social ](05232013.md#concept_0C2E2E59AF934F6C8B4322E92C0250FB/section_ED22C68BC74F48D8B254167AF96C2D0D)
**Adobe `keyword  Experience Manager`**

* [ Adobe Experience Manager ](http://dev.day.com/docs/en/cq/current/release_notes/overview.html)
* [ Scene7 ](c_04182013.md#concept_BBEC0E1E004F4AD7965B80878688FD61/scene7)
**Adobe `keyword  Media Optimizer`**

* [ AudienceManager ](05232013.md#concept_0C2E2E59AF934F6C8B4322E92C0250FB/section_27040D9B48D04B20A9A73B8E5CD58250)
* [ AdLens ](05232013.md#concept_0C2E2E59AF934F6C8B4322E92C0250FB/section_8B5779104F2340BE87B4007C9E87B28C)
* [ SearchCenter ](05232013.md#concept_0C2E2E59AF934F6C8B4322E92C0250FB/section_A874AA2D5F41487AA1E38F0C36B659C3)
** `keyword  Marketing Cloud` Services**

* [ Web Services API ](05232013.md#concept_0C2E2E59AF934F6C8B4322E92C0250FB/section_4489FA0BB29747C0B7876E76DEC1551F)
## SiteCatalyst 15.5 {#section_925D2E4C6BF7459EA69FC7F3219CDBB6}

The `keyword  SiteCatalyst` 15.5 release (05/23/2013) includes the following changes:

<table id="table_976F7B0D54444807A57B54747FBBBDB1"> 
 <tgroup cols="2"> 
  <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1" colwidth="1.00*" /> 
  <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2" colwidth="2.84*" /> 
  <thead> 
   <tr> 
    <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Feature </th> 
    <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
   </tr> 
  </thead> 
  <tbody> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> Include Current Data </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>Improves on the <span class="wintitle"> Current Data </span> feature release in October 2012. You can now turn on this processing feature in the report header. <span class="wintitle"> Include Current Data </span> lets you view data latency down to the minute in analytics reporting, occasionally even before this data has been processed by <span class="keyword"> Adobe Analytics </span>. </p> <p>See <a href="https://microsite.omniture.com/t2/help/en_US/reference/index.html?f=data_latency" format="https" scope="external"> Include Current Data </a> in Analytics Reference Help. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> Classifications Rule Builder </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>Rather than maintaining and uploading classifications each time your tracking codes change, you can create automatic, rule-based classifications and apply them across multiple report suites. When you create rules, you can also use powerful regular expressions to match consistently formatted string values (such as those found in tracking codes) with a classification. </p> <p>See <a href="https://microsite.omniture.com/t2/help/en_US/reference/index.html?f=classification_rule_builder" format="https" scope="external"> Classifications Rule Builder </a> in Analytics Reference Help. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> New version of AppMeasurement for JavaScript </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>A new JavaScript AppMeasurement library is now available in Code Manager. This library provides the same core functionality of <span class="filepath"> s_code.js </span>, but is lighter and faster for use on both mobile and desktop sites. </p> 
     <ul id="ul_A67C84C4020D4687A5478F021FE46241"> 
      <li id="li_FE10AE3296134E938828D9826FF51CB5">3-7x faster than the H.25 code. </li> 
      <li id="li_60A19539751D4D3FBC98A0086C0F84C1">Only 21k uncompressed and 8k gzipped (H.25 code is 33k uncompressed and 13k gzipped). </li> 
      <li id="li_BFDC0FFA4BD340A4ACFEBEAD3C78DEB5">Native support to get query parameters, read and write cookies, and perform advanced link tracking. </li> 
      <li id="li_AA1D2BBD566E48E4BC9301C09E29AFFC">Small and fast enough to be used with mobile sites, and robust enough to be used on the full desktop web, allowing you to leverage a single library across all web environments. </li> 
     </ul> <p>See <a href="https://microsite.omniture.com/t2/help/en_US/sc/implement/index.html?f=appmeasure_mjs" format="https" scope="external"> AppMeasurement for Javascript </a> in the Analytics Implementation Guide. </p> <p>Note:  Some plug-ins are not supported in this new version. See <a href="https://microsite.omniture.com/t2/help/en_US/sc/implement/index.html?f=plugins_support" format="https" scope="external"> Plug-in Support </a> for details. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> Classifications on List Variables </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>You can now rename and classify values that are captured in List Vars (s.list1, s.list2, s.list3). </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> Classifications on Social and Mobile App dimensions </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>Social and Mobile App dimensions can now be classified. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> <p>Expanded Social and Mobile App reporting </p> </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>Social and Mobile App metrics can now be reported in ReportBuilder, and the Web Services APIs. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> <span class="wintitle"> Compare to Segment </span> </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> In the report header, the new <span class="wintitle"> Compare to Segment </span> option lets you select a segment for comparison against the current report's data. This feature functions similarly to the <span class="wintitle"> Compare to Site </span> feature. <p>For example, you can run a <span class="wintitle"> Pages Report </span>, then click <span class="uicontrol"> Compare to Segment </span> to instantly compare data. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> Expanded settings control for report suites </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>Admin users can now enable or disable the following features for one or multiple report suites in the Admin Console: </p> <p> <span class="uicontrol"> General </span> &gt; <span class="uicontrol"> General Account Settings </span></p> 
     <ul id="ul_776AEC7A40AF43EEB11C6029F2E06EF3"> 
      <li id="li_4A40866EC35F427785F71D06E59DAFAB">GeoSegmentation </li> 
      <li id="li_1EC33F38A50B451A909CB4C80CEFD585">Transaction ID Storage </li> 
      <li id="li_9A6CACDA9A9048A49535B3F84627BF2D">DataWarehouse Display </li> 
     </ul> <p> <span class="uicontrol"> Traffic </span> &gt; <span class="uicontrol"> Traffic Variables </span></p> 
     <ul id="ul_4EED5545BFA54E3EA798C7AB955F5031"> 
      <li id="li_76D3BD39514E4E009BA105E5123BDD38">Pathing on custom traffic variables </li> 
     </ul> <p> <span class="uicontrol"> Conversion </span> &gt; <span class="uicontrol"> Success Events </span></p> 
     <ul id="ul_FC03EEF705B146FBB3D7C4EC44E23251"> 
      <li id="li_7CEB67B3434A4B2F87589D7B79BB870A"> Participation on custom events </li> 
      <li id="li_79D7D637C71F4EF8878EFAE017F1C18C">Unique Event Recording (event serialization) </li> 
     </ul> <p> <span class="uicontrol"> Conversion </span> &gt; <span class="uicontrol"> Conversion Variables </span></p> 
     <ul id="ul_1C3BE3457AC442578AD1E387410A63DF"> 
      <li id="li_8424D215C14C4EE385954CC0C96EE769"> <span class="wintitle"> Enable Merchandising </span> on custom conversion variables </li> 
     </ul> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> Improve Report Suite Template </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>When creating a new report suite, additional settings are now copied, including GeoSegmentation, Japanese Keyword Processing, and DataWarehouse. In addition, <span class="wintitle"> Localization </span> and <span class="wintitle"> Marketing Channel Reports </span> are enabled by default. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> <p>Improved Search Filters on Reports </p> </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>The way search filters work on reports has changed. </p> <p>Previously, the search field that is displayed on each report accepted special characters, such as dash "-" for "not". Special characters in this field needed to be escaped using backslash "\" to represent the literal value. This field is now a literal search field. </p> <p>The <span class="wintitle"> Advanced Filter Options </span> now provides the following search options: </p> 
     <ul id="ul_3EA63CD358124512AC7EFEB29038BBEC"> 
      <li id="li_A2A93486C0D94325A298FBDA854BCC4C">equals </li> 
      <li id="li_74F60711EE9B46A29C8A2070A79333ED">contains one of </li> 
      <li id="li_697E4604CD3A41E883F3D30EFE246DE1">starts with </li> 
      <li id="li_6EBF75CB3ECE49AF9B9DF8A14D9A3447">ends with </li> 
     </ul> <p>Additionally, you can select an advanced search to search using special characters and wildcards. </p> <p>All existing bookmarks that have saved searches continue to work as expected. These saved searches appear as advanced searches using special characters and wildcards. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> <p>Trended dashboards and reports now correctly show the top items </p> </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>When the Selected Items for a trended dashboard or report is set to display Top Items, the report now correctly displays the top items for the selected date and/or segment. Previously, when you changed the date or segment, the top items stayed the same even when they were not the top items for that date range or segment. 
      <!--v15, 33321--></p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> <p>Adobe Analytics for iOS App Coming Soon </p> </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>Adobe Analytics for iOS provides mobile access to dashboards, bookmarked reports, and custom report generation with anomaly detection. Look for it soon in the Apple App Store. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
  </tbody> 
 </tgroup> 
</table>

See [ SiteCatalyst 15 Help ](https://microsite.omniture.com/t2/help/en_US/sc/user/index.html?f=c_whatsnew) for more information.

**Fixes**
* You can now set events to values other than 1 using processing rules.
* The `keyword  Key Metrics Report` now distributes instances correctly when hourly granularity is selected. Previously all instances were reported displayed in a single hour.
* When reporting across the SiteCatalyst 15 Upgrade date, the v14 Page Views metric is now reported as Instances. The v14 Page Views metric was renamed to instances in v15, when a new Page Views metric was introduced.
* Total calculated metrics (metrics that use the total for the reporting period in every line item) were reported incorrectly when a partial month was selected on overtime reports.
* When you break down a Traffic Sources Reports by a prop report, values are now non-persistent. This lets you use correlations to see the referring domain that brought users to a page.
* Fixed an issue that caused duplicate key values when using `keyword  SAINT` import due to case-sensitivity issues.
* Fixed an issue that prevented users from editing `wintitle  Targets`.
* Fixed an issue that prevented data from displaying in the `wintitle  Site Hierarchy` report for certain report suites.
* Classifications are now allowed for list variables.
* Fixed an issue that prevented certain users from being able to access scheduled reports.
* Fixed an issue that prevented `wintitle  Target` reports from being displayed when delivered in HTML format.
* Fixed an issue that caused missing data when breaking down reports by Device Type.
* Fixed an issue that caused email messages to be delivered without the scheduled report attached.
* Fixed an issue that prevented users from creating calculated metrics containing both traffic and commerce metrics.
* Fixed an issue that prevented delivery of certain scheduled reports. These reports were delivered according to schedule before the April 2013 MR.
* Fixed user interface issues when using `keyword  DataWarehouse` on Google Chrome.
* Fixed `wintitle  Publishing List Manager` to appropriately handle multiple email addresses when using multiple report suites.
* Fixed an issue that prevented users from using the `wintitle  Customize Menu` option on Microsoft Internet Explorer 9.
* Fixed an issue that prevented users from using the `wintitle  Mobile Application Reporting` feature in `keyword  Admin Console`.
* Fixed an issue that caused an error message to display when users with sufficient rights tried to edit menus using the `wintitle  Customize Menu` option.

## SiteCatalyst 14.9 Maintenance Release {#section_9E13EFA18B1A446E87299DE64B062129}

The `keyword  SiteCatalyst` 14.9 maintenance release (05/23/2013) includes the following changes:

**Fixes**

* On the `wintitle  Site Sections Report`, you can now compare dates using the Entries metric. Previously, data was not displayed if this metric was compared between dates.
* Fixed an issue that caused a calculated metric's statistics for a specific date to display different values when users alter the date range using the calendar.
* Fixed an issue that caused duplicate key values when using `keyword  SAINT` import due to case-sensitivity issues.
* Fixed an issue that prevented certain users from being able to access scheduled reports.
* Fixed an issue that caused missing data when breaking down reports by Device Type.
* Fixed an issue that caused email messages to be delivered without the scheduled report attached.
* Fixed an issue that prevented delivery of certain scheduled reports. These reports were delivered according to schedule before the April 2013 MR.
* Fixed user interface issues when using `keyword  DataWarehouse` on Google Chrome.
* Fixed `wintitle  Publishing List Manager` to appropriately handle multiple email addresses when using multiple report suites.
* Fixed an issue that prevented users from using the `wintitle  Customize Menu` option on Microsoft Internet Explorer 9.
## ReportBuilder 4.4 {#section_CCA68951DCF24D87949D51FFF30362CD}

The `keyword  ReportBuilder` 4.4 release (05/23/2013) includes the following changes:

**New Features**

<table id="table_53C4DC02518E4F4F952CCAF3D8361DCF"> 
 <tgroup cols="2"> 
  <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1" colwidth="1.00*" /> 
  <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2" colwidth="4.60*" /> 
  <thead> 
   <tr> 
    <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Feature </th> 
    <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
   </tr> 
  </thead> 
  <tbody> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> <p> <span class="wintitle"> Data Recency </span> </p> </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>Data Recency is available when you enable <span class="wintitle"> Include Current Data </span> in the <span class="wintitle"> Options </span> window. </p> <p>This analytics reporting feature brings SiteCatalyst 14 low-latency processing advantages into SiteCatalyst 15 (finalized) processing. When viewing data in current mode, you can see <a href="https://microsite.omniture.com/t2/help/en_US/reference/index.html?f=data_latency" format="https" scope="external"> data latency </a> down to the minute, occasionally even before this data has been processed. </p> <p>When you do not use <span class="wintitle"> Data Recency </span>, the data is finalized before displaying and is typically more latent. </p> <p>Consider the following usage notes when you enable <span class="wintitle"> Include Current Data </span>: </p> <p> <b>Format Options</b>: When <a href="https://microsite.omniture.com/t2/help/en_US/arb/index.html?f=t_format_display_headers" format="https" scope="external"> formatting display headers </a>, you can specify whether to display <span class="term"> Data Recency </span> in a cell header. </p> <p> <b>Breakdowns</b>: Not supported. If you enable <span class="wintitle"> Include Current Data </span>, and one of the requests contains a break-down, the affected request reverts to finalized mode. </p> <p> <b>Request Manager</b>: You can see whether a scheduled request is using <span class="wintitle"> Data Recency </span> in the <span class="wintitle"> Request Manager </span>. A <span class="wintitle"> Current Data </span> column has been added. </p> <p> <b>Scheduled Workbooks</b>: <span class="wintitle"> Data Recency </span> is stored during the scheduling process at the workbook level. If you open a scheduled workbook that is using finalized data, and apply <span class="wintitle"> Data Recency </span>, current mode is used thereafter. </p> <p> <b>Permissions</b>: For users who do not have access to <span class="wintitle"> Data Recency </span>, this option is hidden. </p> <p>When enabling this option, if one or more requests cannot be applied, a warning is issued. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> Correlations available for all traffic variables </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> 
     <!--113066, 112714-->Correlations are now available by default for all traffic variables, which lets you break down any traffic variable by any other traffic reports. This fix brings <span class="keyword"> ReportBuilder </span> into parity with <span class="keyword"> SiteCatalyst </span>. This feature was released for <span class="keyword"> SiteCatalyst </span> on <a href="https://microsite.omniture.com/t2/help/en_US/whatsnew/index.html?f=c_03212013" format="https" scope="external"> 03/21/2013 </a>. </td> 
   </tr> 
  </tbody> 
 </tgroup> 
</table>

**Fixes**

* Fixed an issue preventing the Net Promoter Score survey for report builder (released in April) from displaying when you launch the product.
* Fixed an issue in `wintitle  Manage ReportBuilder Scheduled Tasks Allocation` ( `uicontrol  Admin Console` &gt; `uicontrol  Company` &gt; `uicontrol  ReportBuilder Reports`). This issue prevented you from updating the `wintitle  Scheduled / Available` value, unless you pressed Enter.
## ClickMap {#section_A0E711C08C404D6784DCAFD5139FEE6A}

The `keyword  ClickMap` maintenance release (05/23/2013) includes the following changes:

* Added the `keyword  ClickMap` download page in `keyword  SiteCatalyst` 15, for Internet Explorer and Firefox. Previously, this download was available in `keyword  SiteCatalyst` 14.
* Added support for the new version of AppMeasurement for JavaScript.
## DataWarehouse {#section_178051456D0847FAA6BF6B0B3E453D6B}

The `keyword  DataWarehouse` 15.4 maintenance release (05/23/2013) includes the following changes:

**Fixes**

* When building a segment, fixed an issue that prevented negating the "any" operation on variables from the product_list, list vars, mvvars, tnt, and survey columns.
## Web Services API {#section_4489FA0BB29747C0B7876E76DEC1551F}

The `keyword  Web Services` maintenance release (05/23/2013) includes the following changes:

<table id="table_EC686FB0C9E345B2B45093C44E4018D1"> 
 <tgroup cols="2"> 
  <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1" colwidth="1.00*" /> 
  <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2" colwidth="3.08*" /> 
  <thead> 
   <tr> 
    <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Feature </th> 
    <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
   </tr> 
  </thead> 
  <tbody> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> <p>Token limits no longer enforced </p> </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>Token limits are no longer enforced when using the Web Services APIs. Tokens are still counted for backward compatibility purposes, however we will not cut off access once that token limit has been reached. We will also not charge any sort of overages if you pass the historical token limit. </p> <p>As this change this increases the volume of API requests that are available, see <a href="https://developer.omniture.com/en_US/content_module/best-practices" format="https" scope="external"> API Best Practices </a> to help you get the best experience and performance. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> <p>Inline Segmentation (Report API) </p> </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>Lets you define simple segments inline with the report description. See <a href="https://developer.omniture.com/en_US/documentation/sitecatalyst-reporting/c-segments" format="https" scope="external"> Inline Segmentation </a>. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> <p>Current data (Report API) </p> </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>Lets you get the current data view of a report. This returns the same data as the <span class="wintitle"> Include Current Data </span> option in <span class="keyword"> SiteCatalyst </span> reports. See the current data flag in <a href="https://developer.omniture.com/en_US/documentation/sitecatalyst-reporting/r-reportdescription" format="https" scope="external"> reportDescription </a>. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> Data Feeds API </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>Lets you view the status of data feed delivery and processing using a status API. See <a href="https://developer.omniture.com/en_US/documentation/data-feeds/overview" format="https" scope="external"> Data Feeds API </a>. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
  </tbody> 
 </tgroup> 
</table>

* Fixed an issue in the anomaly detection feature of the Reporting API, which returned incorrect anomaly data when the minimum and maximum values were very far apart.
Visit [ developer.omniture.com ](http://developer.omniture.com) to learn more about the Web Services API.

## AppMeasurement & Mobile {#section_D10E043093D1481C9944B2C7F9A62E7D}

**AppMeasurement for JavaScript**

**1.0**

A new JavaScript AppMeasurement library is now available in Code Manager. This library provides the same core functionality of `filepath  s_code.js`, but is lighter and faster for use on both mobile and desktop sites.

* 3-7x faster than the H.25 code.
* Only 21k uncompressed and 8k gzipped (H.25 code is 33k uncompressed and 13k gzipped).
* Native support for several common plugins (get query parameters, read and write cookies, encode URLs, and advanced link tracking).
* Small and fast enough to be used with mobile sites, and robust enough to be used on the full desktop web, allowing you to leverage a single library across all web environments.
>[!NOTE]
>
>Some plug-ins won't be supported in this new version. When the code is finalized, we'll provide a plug-in compatibility list with the supported plug-ins.


**Legacy AppMeasurement for JavaScript (s_code)**

** H.26**

* The `codeph  useForcedLinkTracking` option that is described in [ Manual Link Tracking Using Custom Link Code ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/sc/implement/index.html?f=c_manuallinktrackcustomlink) now applies to Firefox 20+ (previously this applied to WebKit browsers only).
* Image object ID generation is now unique between instances. This prevents collisions when more than one instance is on the same page.
** `keyword  AppMeasurement` for Other Platforms**

See [ AppMeasurement Release History ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/sc/appmeasurement/release/index.html) the following for a release history of `keyword  AppMeasurement` on the following platforms:

* JavaScript
* iOS
* Android
* Flash-Flex
* OSX
* Windows Phone, XBOX, Silverlight, and .NET
* BlackBerry
* Java
* PHP
* Symbian
## ClickStream Data Feeds {#section_C73194A4FA27446089C3368F02D4FCB1}

**Hourly Data Feeds**

Hourly data feeds provide customers raw `keyword  SiteCatalyst` data in hourly increments instead of the normal daily increments. By splitting the data into hourly increments, the data can be delivered in a more timely manner with less peak load on both origination and destination servers. See [ Hourly Data Feeds ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/sc/clickstream/index.html?f=datafeeds_hourly).

See the [ Clickstream Data Feeds ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/whitepapers/clickstream/index.html) help for the latest information.

## Genesis 3.1 Maintenance Release {#section_D15E5E6E2A90425FA0786DAE6FAF7BF9}

The `keyword  Genesis` 3.1 maintenance release (05/23/2013) includes the following changes:

* `wintitle  Dev Center`: Fixed an error occurring when selecting `wintitle  System` as the `wintitle  Even Type`. The error caused the `wintitle  Data Type` to improperly display.
* `wintitle  Dev Center`: Localized the `wintitle  Event Type` and `wintitle  Data Type` group labels on the `wintitle  Add Variable` page
* `wintitle  Dev Center`: Changed products submitted for approval to display as read-only.
* Partner API Integration: Fixed an issue that prevented classifications created in a predefined variable to upload.
* Fixed a display problem occurring on the `wintitle  Site Setup and Activation` page when more than four resources are added in the `wintitle  Manually Add Collection Code` field.
* `wintitle  BrightEdge Express`: Fixed an invalid argument warning in Step 2 of the integration wizard.
* Fixed a Fatal Error being issued when you add an integration, then click the `uicontrol  Click Here` link below the partner product show list panel.
## Discover 3.2 Upgrade {#section_52FB88751D6D4284842CEC678191DE03}

The `keyword  Discover` 3.2 upgrade and maintenance release includes the following upgrade requirements, new features, and fixed issues.

**Upgrade Requirements**

After Discover is upgraded to version 3.2 on May 23, 2013, you must upgrade by closing and re-launching Discover.

<table id="table_0446DF9D861240788AB2EBF3FDDC59B1"> 
 <tgroup cols="2"> 
  <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1" colwidth="1.00*" /> 
  <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2" colwidth="1.87*" /> 
  <thead> 
   <tr> 
    <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Features </th> 
    <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
   </tr> 
  </thead> 
  <tbody> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> New Segment Builder </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> The new Segment Builder not only allows you to define site visitors based on attributes, but now lets you define visitor segments based on the sequence of visits, hits, and the length of time between and across sessions. </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> Sequential Segmentation </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> Sequential segmentation gives you a better perspective of customer behavior across your site, segmenting visitors based on how they access content and navigate across your site. </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> Time Between Segments </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> Segmenting visitors based on the time between or after page views and across visits lets you constrain matching to a specified duration of time within or after an event. </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> Exclude Segments </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> The Exclude operator can be employed in sequential segments to identify a visitor sequence where defined visits and hits are not performed by the visitor. </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> CSV Renderer </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> You can now save your data as comma-separated values to export to other tools and reports. </td> 
   </tr> 
  </tbody> 
 </tgroup> 
</table>

**New Features**
**Fixes**


* The Traffic Flow report would not fully load properly or allow you to drill down into the third or lower levels. It was found that if the data was not returning a number (but instead a zero or infinity value), then the Traffic Flow report would not resolve. This has been fixed.
* When saving a file locally, the file extension was saved as the wrong file type and could not be changed. Instead, the file extension applied in the previous save was erroneously applied to any file type in the subsequent save. You may have expected to save as a native Discover file (.dproj), but instead the file was saved as an Excel file (.xlsx) type. This has been fixed.
* The Traffic Flow report sent via a CSV scheduled delivery would eliminate additional line items in the report table. The expanded nodes didn't populate as required as when viewing in Excel. This has been fixed.
* Scheduled reports were being delivered at random intervals and for intermittent date ranges. This was happening when reports were exported from data where the first day was initialized as Monday, and imported into a schedule where Sunday was initialized as the first day of the week. This has been fixed.
* Saving a file to a local drive (such as an Excel file) in Windows failed. This was caused by security polices enforced within Windows. In the current version, if a file is unable to be saved due to security polices, a dialog will appear stating that the user did not have correct drive access privileges.



## Search&Promote {#section_708A2B94F3DC4850A1BAEB907200007F}

`keyword  Search&amp;Promote` 8.9.8 release (05/23/2013) includes the following changes:

<table id="table_27B1D387802541DB80C450DEB838D020"> 
 <tgroup cols="2"> 
  <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1" colwidth="1.00*" /> 
  <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2" colwidth="4.43*" /> 
  <thead> 
   <tr> 
    <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Feature </th> 
    <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
   </tr> 
  </thead> 
  <tbody> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> Common phrases - exact match support </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p> 
      <!--3309410--> Common phrases contain terms of two or more words that are searched on as a whole-such as "boot cut" or "tank top"-and not as separate parts. A common phrase has a meaning that is unique and different from any of its individual parts. </p> <p> You maintain a dictionary of common phrases related to your business. When a customer performs a search query that contains multiple words, a search is performed on the dictionary for the exact same match. </p> <p>You can add, edit, or delete common phrases. You can also group common phrases similar to domain dictionaries. For example you can group common phrases by apparel, fabric, jewelry, measurements, shopping, and general. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
  </tbody> 
 </tgroup> 
</table>

**Fixes and enhancements**

  *
  The backend search CGI parameter `codeph  sp_date_range_#` did not work for user-defined fields.
  
  
  *
  Reverting `uicontrol  History` version did not update the URL entrypoints field content.
  
  
  *
  JSON encoding was not managing wrongly encoded characters.
  
  
  *
  Support now added that lets you remotely push live a staged index.
  
  
See [ Search&amp;Promote Documentation Home ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/snp/index.html) for the latest `keyword  Adobe Search&amp;Promote` documentation.

## Social {#section_ED22C68BC74F48D8B254167AF96C2D0D}

The `keyword  Social` 2.6 release (05/23/2013) includes the following changes:

**New Features**

<table id="table_4AFE196494A6408790ACDBB2D0F3FE5E"> 
 <tgroup cols="2"> 
  <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1" colwidth="1.00*" /> 
  <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2" colwidth="2.79*" /> 
  <thead> 
   <tr> 
    <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Feature </th> 
    <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
   </tr> 
  </thead> 
  <tbody> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> Apps: Gallery Template </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>A new <span class="wintitle"> Gallery </span> application template is now available. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> Apps: Publish to a Webpage </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>Publish applications to websites. This feature lets you engage audiences outside of Facebook by presenting users with applications and promotions created in <span class="keyword"> Social </span>. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
  </tbody> 
 </tgroup> 
</table>

**Fixes**

* Fixed an issue that infrequently displayed inaccurate time stamps in the `wintitle  Last Login` column in `wintitle  Users &amp; Groups`.
* Fixed an issue that prevented icons from properly rendering in applications if the icons were added from the Application Builder's `wintitle  Preferences` tab ( `wintitle  Preferences` &gt; `wintitle  App Settings`). This issue occurred only on Microsoft Internet Explorer (versions 8 and 9).
* Fixed an issue in the `wintitle  Publisher` that caused URL links in posts that should have followed the text to display before the text.
See [ Social Help ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/social/index.html?f=home.html) for the latest documentation.

## AudienceManager {#section_27040D9B48D04B20A9A73B8E5CD58250}

Not updated in this release.

See [ AudienceManager ]() for the latest information.

## AdLens {#section_8B5779104F2340BE87B4007C9E87B28C}

In AdLens, click `uicontrol  Help` &gt; `uicontrol  Help Contents` for the latest information.

## SearchCenter {#section_A874AA2D5F41487AA1E38F0C36B659C3}

Not updated in this release.

See [ SearchCenter Help ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/scm/index.html?f=c_Release_Notes) for the latest information.

