---
description: Analytics: Link Accounts, hide report suites, new search engine reports, updated reports and Tableau integration in data warehouse. Social: VK support, ctx.ly support, Code Block functionality. Target: Estimate revenue lift, Undo/Redo, compression for mbox responses, and more. Search&Promote updates. Audience management DIL 4.8.
keywords: release notes
seo-description: Analytics: Link Accounts, hide report suites, new search engine reports, updated reports and Tableau integration in data warehouse. Social: VK support, ctx.ly support, Code Block functionality. Target: Estimate revenue lift, Undo/Redo, compression for mbox responses, and more. Search&Promote updates. Audience management DIL 4.8.
seo-title: Release Notes - January 16 2014
solution: Experience Cloud,Release Notes
title: Release Notes - January 16 2014
uuid: 5b9b932c-97dd-49ea-b03f-601f68fa92f8
index: n
internal: n
snippet: y
translate: y
---

# Release Notes - January 16 2014

Latest updates:

* February 6 2014: Released an update to AppMeasurement for JavaScript and the Audience Manager DIL to resolve a compatibility issue. See [AppMeasurement and Mobile SDKs](01162014.md#section_A3814753948D412EB94AEFEDFB2100D0).
* January 28 2014: See [What's New in Dynamic Tag Management](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/dtm/whatsnew.html)
* January 20 2014: See *Link Accounts* in [New Features in Analytics](01162014.md#section_226154B1441C478387C5C49FC0BF8CC7)
Release date: **January 16 2014**

* [Marketing Cloud and Shared Capabilities](01162014.md#concept_8ABF3457CA104FB3926CF984A9642F69)
* [Adobe Analytics](01162014.md#concept_30A0CA30F9C14CCC88B819F4CE8A2F73)
* [Adobe Social](01162014.md#concept_E8ECA0AE9197488BB1836CE21E36830A)
* [Adobe Target](01162014.md#concept_BD03EC0355FE484BB55567BD1D02F693)
* [Media Optimizer](01162014.md#concept_5D473CC444A3439EAB5C8FCABBD5F781)
* [Experience Manager](01162014.md#concept_BB636E487A584CBDAE3578BBA3E12116)

* [Collaboration and Sharing Interface (Feeds and Boards)](01162014.md#section_5AD81B0737C843AFB4BE9C4420D70EB3)
* [Dynamic Tag Management](01162014.md#section_80F6D89166164A5180A302C10352576C)
* [Adobe Mobile services](01162014.md#section_6349293559DE4FBDB2BF0514E1C01482)
* [Data Connectors](01162014.md#section_FFA1D17E376D475ABC73A41BB7591543)

## Collaboration and Sharing Interface (Feeds and Boards) {#section_5AD81B0737C843AFB4BE9C4420D70EB3}

Features and fixes for the January 2014 release:

* Release 14.1.1 is a maintenance release that focuses on speed, stability and security.
* URLs from sites supporting oEmbed such as Youtube, Twitter, etc. can be dragged into Marketing Cloud boards.
`Analytics` users: See *Link Accounts* in [New Features in Analytics](01162014.md#section_226154B1441C478387C5C49FC0BF8CC7) for new information about linking Analytics with the `Adobe Marketing Cloud`. 
See [Release Notes](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mcloud/release_notes.html) in the Marketing Cloud for cumulative release notes. 
See [Getting Started with Adobe Marketing Cloud](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mcloud/home.html) for more help. 

## Dynamic Tag Management {#section_80F6D89166164A5180A302C10352576C}


>[!NOTE]
>
>Dynamic tag management releases weekly. See[What's New in Dynamic Tag Management](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/dtm/whatsnew.html) for the most current release information. 

Fixes for the **January 21 2014** release: 

<table id="table_4D6405F818C3402D8EAD1F71663607D5"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry">Fixed Issue</th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry">Description</th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Fixed UI bugs with Scheduling feature.</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>The Scheduling feature had a number of UI bugs relating to element styling, etc. which have now been fixed.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> User can now correctly set global campaign in <span class="keyword">Adobe Analytics</span> tool. </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> Fixed issue where campaign values set in the <span class="keyword">Adobe Analytics</span> tool were not being retained when the tool was saved. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Fixed formatting of tool-tips.</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Fixed display formatting issues relating to tool-tips.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

Fixes for the **January 16 2014** release: 

<table id="table_9D724C54CCC74048800AA396C7558BD1"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry"> <p>Fixes for the January 16 2014 release:</p>Fixed Issue </th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry">Description</th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Akamai hosting is the default embed option for new web properties.</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>DTM is migrating from Amazon S3 to Akamai as the primary external hosting option in efforts to provide DTM customers a more reliable hosting experience. We encourage all current customers utilizing Amazon S3 hosting to transition to Akamai as soon as possible, so that they may take advantage of increased performance due to Akamai's globally distributed network.</p> <p> All <i>new companies</i> created after January 15, 2014 will have Akamai as their external hosting option by default. </p> <p> Companies created prior to January 15, 2014 will be able to choose between Akamai and Amazon S3 until this option is deprecated on December 31, 2014. Any new <i>properties</i> created within DTM companies that existed prior to January 15, 2014 will also have the option of choosing between Amazon S3 and Akamai. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Paginated user lists.</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>User lists for companies and web properties are now paginated (if the company or web property has more than 25 users). This change was done to improve both user experience and platform performance.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Company administrators may delete web properties.</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> Use caution when taking this action, because deleting the web property removes all tools, rules, and settings and <b>cannot be undone</b>. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Multiple rules containing custom <span class="keyword">Adobe Analytics</span> code now fire correctly. </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Previously, if multiple page load rules fire and they all had custom code for <span class="keyword">Adobe Analytics</span>, only one of the rules would take effect. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Batch deactivation of rules now working.</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Fixed an issue that was causing batch deactivation of rules to show as having taken effect in the UI, but were not actually deactivated in the library.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Login page reskin.</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> Login via Adobe ID now looks identical to the login page for <span class="filepath">marketing.adobe.com</span>. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Opt-out of nonessential emails.</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> Users will now see an option on their <span class="wintitle">Account Settings</span> page to opt out of non-essential emails, such as approval and publish notifications, note creations, and so on. Essential emails, such as invitations to new companies, properties, and password resets are still sent. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

See [Dynamic Tag Management Help](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/dtm/dtm_home.html) for more information. 

## Adobe Mobile services {#section_6349293559DE4FBDB2BF0514E1C01482}

Adobe Mobile services bring together mobile marketing capabilities for mobile applications from across the `Adobe Marketing Cloud`. Initially, the Mobile service provides seamless integration of app analytics and targeting capabilities from the `Adobe Analytics` and `Adobe Target` solutions. 
Learn more at [Adobe Mobile services documentation](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mobile/). 

| Feature |Description |
|---|---|
| Custom data content page |This page lets you view and manage Analytics variables directly in Adobe Mobile, and easily map context data variables to Analytics variables. |
| Filter enhancements |Filters now include all variables available in your report suite. You can now create filters using the contains operator, and multiple filters can be connected using and-or statements. |
| Performance enhancements |Several performance enhancements, including reduced App load times on initial launch. |

Fixes for the January 16 2014 release:

* Added friendly names for new iOS devices, such as iPhone 5s, to the device filter list.
* Fixed an issue that caused a blank login page to appear if you logged in with your Adobe ID to marketing.adobe.com or to adobe.com before Adobe mobile services.
* Target campaigns are now created as landing page campaigns instead of A/B campaigns.
* Settings are preserved if you re-add an app after it is deleted. This preserves configuration data if an app is deleted accidentally.
* Fixed an issue that prevented creating a report suite for login companies that did not have ad hoc analytics enabled.
* Fixed an issue that caused a crash when a filter was applied to the `Overview Report`.
* Removed Chrome browser navigation warnings from pages when data was not at risk of being lost. Chrome browser warnings now appear only when form data has been entered but not saved.
* Fixed an issue that prevented filtering using *city*.
* Graphs now show labels with appropriate granularity instead of always using seconds.
* Fixed an issue that caused activation dates in Target campaigns to sometimes be set with an incorrect time zone.
* Removed unusable options from the entry page on a pathing reports.
* Fixed an issue where autocomplete was populating filter values with friendly names instead of the associated value.
* The `App Overview Report` in marketing reports &amp; analytics now uses the unique visitors metric instead of the daily engaged users metric.
* Fixed an issue where a graph displayed rounded values while the data table displayed exact values. The graph now displays the value as listed in the data table.
* Fixed an issue that caused a new experience to be inadvertently created when renaming experiences.
* Fixed an issue that caused the key color to not align with the value on some pathing reports.
* Fixed an issue that caused the sidebar to move content to the left even when the sidebar was closed.
[Top](01162014.md#concept_8ABF3457CA104FB3926CF984A9642F69) 

## Data Connectors {#section_FFA1D17E376D475ABC73A41BB7591543}


<table id="table_EB94D3CC88724F2DABEFC726A3DF5430"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry">Feature</th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry">Description</th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> <span class="uicontrol">Take Over</span> option added to <span class="wintitle">General Settings</span>. </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> 
     <!--<xref href="https://issues.adobe.com/browse/DATACON-1973">DATACON-1973</xref>-->(Admins) Added the <span class="uicontrol">Take Over</span> option on the <span class="wintitle">Configure</span> tab, under <span class="wintitle">General Settings</span>. </p> <p>When you click this feature, you become the administrator of an integration. This feature lets you remove the integration if necessary. It is useful if the administrative user who created the integration was changed to a non-administrative user.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Reusable reserved variables for mapping.</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> 
     <!--<xref href="https://issues.adobe.com/browse/DATACON-3316">https://issues.adobe.com/browse/DATACON-3316</xref>-->If reserve variables exist, the <span class="wintitle">Variable Mappings</span> menu now displays the <span class="uicontrol">Reserved Variable</span> feature. This selection displays all the available, existing reserved variables for mapping. If a reserved variable is in use, the system issues a warning that you are about to reuse and potentially rename a variable used in other integrations </p> <p>Note: Reusing a shared variable applies the name change to all the integrations using the variable.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Keep the reserved variable menu item.</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> 
     <!--<xref href="https://issues.adobe.com/browse/DATACON-3317">https://issues.adobe.com/browse/DATACON-3317</xref>-->Added this option to the <span class="wintitle">Deactivate Integration</span> pop-up. This feature lets you keep the related menu item in marketing reports &amp; analytics when deactivating an integration that uses a reserved variable. (Previously, reporting menus generated by an integration were deleted when the integration was deactivated.) </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>


* [New Features in Analytics](01162014.md#section_226154B1441C478387C5C49FC0BF8CC7)
* Fixes: 
    * [Marketing Reports &amp; Analytics](01162014.md#section_9493BB6A60CB4ACDA4FFDA7F005EC31A)
    * [Report Builder](01162014.md#section_DCEDAE09A2DC4FFA8C6EEBA5D6EB58C8)
    * [Ad Hoc Analysis](01162014.md#section_642A2BA2BA994BB8B6E0DCD1FE3F66E9)
    * [Data Workbench (Analytics Premium)](01162014.md#section_7BF8920CB7884C71A5703C6F14AF5597)
    * [Data Warehouse](01162014.md#section_23F16B5749A341BE84BD7E23875416D5)
    * [Clickstream Data Feeds](01162014.md#section_B200909431004B2E86A45A829201C23C)
    * [AppMeasurement and Mobile SDKs](01162014.md#section_A3814753948D412EB94AEFEDFB2100D0)


## New Features in Analytics {#section_226154B1441C478387C5C49FC0BF8CC7}


>[!NOTE]
>
>**Important note for all customers using data feeds:** Over the coming months, Adobe is increasing the size of many data feed fields. These changes provide additional functionality in Adobe Analytics, but the larger fields could have an impact on customer ETL (extract, transform, load) processes that ingest data feed data. To prepare for this change, all customers should complete the changes explained in [Data Feed Column Expansion](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/sc/clickstream/?f=datafeeds_whatsnew). 


<table id="table_F1867D450A0F48EBAFD4B1C7DBE903E7"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry">Feature</th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry">Description</th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">Link Accounts (updated January 20)</td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> <span class="keyword">Adobe Marketing Cloud</span> gives you one login for all your Adobe Digital Marketing services and provides new tools for collaboration. </p> <p>When you click <span class="uicontrol">Link Accounts</span>, you can create an Adobe ID (or use your existing Adobe ID), and then link your <span class="keyword">Analytics</span> solution to the <span class="keyword">Marketing Cloud</span>. </p> <p>Linking accounts enables you to:</p> 
    <ul id="ul_28F0F986568D40388A3A9D4033E1028F"> 
     <li id="li_E959B025983A4721B596DBCE29FB8905">Sign in to marketing.adobe.com using your Adobe ID.</li> 
     <li id="li_DC94B073194D45A3B1D2C1D813540508">Access the <span class="keyword">Analytics</span> solution from the Marketing Cloud. </li> 
     <li id="li_C74C914DA5D14BC09E5F3028F0DC2F14">Use your Adobe ID to automatically sign in to <span class="keyword">Analytics</span> (and other solutions) from the Marketing Cloud. </li> 
    </ul> <p>Note:  <span class="term">Link Accounts</span> displays in marketing reports &amp; analytics after your log-in company has been enabled by Adobe in the <span class="keyword">Adobe Marketing Cloud</span>. </p> <p>See <a href="https://microsite.omniture.com/t2/help/en_US/mcloud/admin_getting_started.html" format="https" scope="external">Administrators - Getting Started</a> in Marketing Cloud help for more information. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">Ability to hide report suites in marketing reports and analytics.</td> 
   <td colname="col2">You can prevent report suites from being shown in the report suite selector drop-down menu.</td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">New search engine reports in data warehouse</td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>The following search engine reports are now available in data warehouse:</p> 
    <ul id="ul_E66245A77560427986F508E09BBAEF77"> 
     <li id="li_FCEF689BF278496EA2ED8C1D358AFBDA">Search Engines - Paid</li> 
     <li id="li_6F3DB69467D640A1ADE08BE1E2549E8E">Search Engines - Natural</li> 
     <li id="li_D8CD2E77ECAC40E5A77165C92D91374A">Search Keywords - Paid</li> 
     <li id="li_90123FD5E03544B3B1D97C982932C3E4">Search Keywords - Natural</li> 
    </ul> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">Updated data warehouse reports</td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>The following data warehouse reports were updated to match the logic used by marketing reports &amp; analytics and ad hoc analysis:</p> 
    <ul id="ul_794FD0B788914C6D95A6E63562E5695A"> 
     <li id="li_342A881633B840E88ACBA0B1E2F803E9">Referrers</li> 
     <li id="li_2D540D50EDFD44F5BC5A5F20CE297612">Referring domains</li> 
     <li id="li_7F0CDCFD6C02466891E409E2D695ACA3">Referrer type</li> 
     <li id="li_ECF7A0B72B3742E69530B186197560E7">Search Engines - All</li> 
     <li id="li_A7308E61625B43F88F2BCEC1EF46E30A">Search Keywords - All</li> 
    </ul> <p>These updated reports work with past date ranges, and all scheduled reports will be automatically switched over to use the new logic.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">Updated breakdowns in the data warehouse web services API</td> 
   <td colname="col2">In conjunction with the change described in <i>Updated data warehouse reports</i>, you must use new elements in your data warehouse web services API requests to report breakdowns that match the logic used by marketing reports &amp; analytics and ad hoc analysis. See <a href="https://developer.omniture.com/en_US/documentation/data-warehouse/c-data-warehouse-api" format="https" scope="external">data warehouse API</a> on Developer Connection. </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">Tableau Integration with data warehouse</td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Data warehouse can now export data in Tableau TDE format. To request a report in Tableau format:</p> 
    <ol id="ol_464E67D22AFA45DF9509405621F7978C"> 
     <li id="li_A08F9C265C7048E48CD7BD3DD7FAFB6A">In the <span class="uicontrol">Schedule Delivery</span> section of a <span class="uicontrol">Data Warehouse Request</span>, click the <span class="uicontrol">Advanced Delivery Options</span> link. </li> 
     <li id="li_56885CF2CD5D46048114BABAF648FEDC">Select <span class="uicontrol">Tableau Format (TDE)</span> as the <span class="uicontrol">Report Format</span>. </li> 
    </ol> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>


## Marketing Reports & Analytics {#section_9493BB6A60CB4ACDA4FFDA7F005EC31A}

Fixes for the January 2014 release:

* Fixed an issue where the `Key Metrics Report` displayed incorrect totals for calculated metrics. Calculated metrics now always show "N/A" for the total in this report. This is consistent with all other reports, where calculated metrics are used.
* Fixed an issue where, in Internet Explorer 8 and 9, the dashboard did not display fallout reports.
* Fixed an issue where the correlation between Referrer Type and Referring Domains was not available in the `Data Extract` wizard.
* Fixed an issue where the breakdown of a classification by a root value worked, but breaking down the root value by a classification did not work. The fix works only for version 15 data.
* Fixed an issue that prevented new BOT rules from being created in Internet Explorer 9 or 10.
* Fixed an issue that caused a database error when a report suite ID started with a number.
* Fixed an issue that caused scheduled reports to fail for trended reports that had no data, and where the delivery format was HTML.
* Fixed an issue where multi-byte characters strings that were sent to the * `s.pageName` * variable were truncated to 100 bytes. This prevented the character from being visible in the `Pages Report`.
* Fixed an issue that prevented `SearchCenter` reportlets from showing up in dashboards.
* Data sources can now import data for all Marketing Channel types. Previously data sources import was limited to Marketing Channels with a channel type of "offline".
* Web log data sources now properly recognize the URL parts provided in the log files. This resolves issues where URL prefixes were not being recognized correctly.
* A new version of `Visitor Click Map` was released that works on the latest versions of Firefox, starting with Firefox v22.
[Top](01162014.md#concept_204B77F9CC56466E9D12D2699DA67DF1) 

## Report Builder {#section_DCEDAE09A2DC4FFA8C6EEBA5D6EB58C8}

Fixes for the January 2014 release:

* Fixed an issue that caused VBA macros to return right away instead of waiting for the VBA macro to complete.
[Top](01162014.md#concept_204B77F9CC56466E9D12D2699DA67DF1) 

## Ad Hoc Analysis {#section_642A2BA2BA994BB8B6E0DCD1FE3F66E9}

Fixes for the January 2014 release:

* Non-administrators logging in with the legacy single sign-on (SSO) feature were unable to create a new schedule for reports. After attempting to schedule reports, the standard user would receive an error stating "Ad Hoc Analysis is unable to submit this request at this time. Please try again later." This is now fixed to allow all users the ability to create new report schedules.
* For appropriate fields, an ** `Other` ** item was added to `Ad Hoc Analysis` identical to the same fields displayed in `Marketing Reports and Analytics`.
* The ** `Searches` ** field will no longer search for "page views" in `Ad Hoc Analysis`, behaving similar to the ** `Searches` ** metric in `Marketing Reports and Analytics`, which does not search for "page views."
[Top](01162014.md#concept_204B77F9CC56466E9D12D2699DA67DF1) 

## Data Workbench {#section_7BF8920CB7884C71A5703C6F14AF5597}

No updates in this release.
[Top](01162014.md#concept_204B77F9CC56466E9D12D2699DA67DF1) 

## Data Warehouse {#section_23F16B5749A341BE84BD7E23875416D5}

Fixes for the January 2014 release:

* Transactional data sources data (offline data uploaded using a transaction ID) is no longer included in the Visits-All Visitors and Visitors metrics. This was changed to match marketing reports &amp; analytics.
* Case sensitivity for page name-based dimensions (next page, previous page, and so on) now use the same case-sensitivity setting as page name (Page column in reports).
* A change was made to increase performance when reporting multi-valued variables. In reports, each value that is contained in a multiple-valued variable is broken down by every other value, which often results in extremely large data sets and was causing report delivery failure in some circumstances. This change limits the number of breakdowns returned for a list variable to 1000 per hit, instead of limiting the number of multi-valued variables that can be included on a report.
* Added support for adding non-conversion breakdowns (such as props) to a report that includes participation metrics (either event participation or eVar instance participation.) This change matches ad hoc analysis. Previously, the metric reported in this type of report configuration was not a participation metric.
* When applying a segment based on a conversion classification that uses the * `is null` * and * `is not null` * operators, line items where a key value has been set but no classification value exists were incorrectly filtered. When the * `is not null` * filter was applied, these values were excluded. Wen the * `is null` * filter was applied, these values were included. These line items are now included and excluded as expected.
* When calculating Time Spent on Page, data warehouse now recognizes when a hit was received with an older timestamp than the previous hit (out-of-order). When this occurs, time spent is now considered to be 0 rather than a negative number.
[Top](01162014.md#concept_204B77F9CC56466E9D12D2699DA67DF1) 

## Clickstream Data Feeds {#section_B200909431004B2E86A45A829201C23C}


>[!NOTE]
>
>**Important note for all customers using data feeds:** Over the coming months, Adobe is increasing the size of many data feed fields. These changes provide additional functionality in Adobe Analytics, but the larger fields could have an impact on customer ETL (extract, transform, load) processes that ingest data feed data. To prepare for this change, all customers should complete the changes explained in [Data Feed Column Expansion](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/sc/clickstream/?f=datafeeds_whatsnew). 

[Top](01162014.md#concept_204B77F9CC56466E9D12D2699DA67DF1) 

## AppMeasurement and Mobile SDKs {#section_A3814753948D412EB94AEFEDFB2100D0}

**AppMeasurement for JavaScript** 
**1.2.2** 
Updated February 6, 2014

* Fixed a compatibility issue with the Audience Manager DIL module. Audience Manager customers must also update to version 4.8 of the DIL module.
** `AppMeasurement` for Other Platforms** 
See [AppMeasurement Release History](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/sc/appmeasurement/release/index.html) the following for a release history of `AppMeasurement` on the following platforms: 

* JavaScript
* iOS
* Android
* Flash-Flex
* OSX
* Windows Phone, XBOX, Silverlight, and .NET
* BlackBerry
* Java
* PHP
* Symbian
[Top](01162014.md#concept_204B77F9CC56466E9D12D2699DA67DF1) 

**New Features and Enhancements** 

<table id="table_4AFE196494A6408790ACDBB2D0F3FE5E"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry">Feature</th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry">Description</th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr valign="top"> 
   <td colname="col1">VK support</td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>VK (VKontakte) is a supported listening provider. VK, similar to Facebook, is used primarily by Russian-speaking users around the world. With the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi, Russia, this feature provides clients with an opportunity to enter and play a role in social areas that were previously untapped.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr valign="top"> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>ctx.ly link shortener support</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Social now supports ctx.ly short URLs using custom domains.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr valign="top"> 
   <td colname="col1">Enhanced <span class="wintitle">Code Block</span> element support in the Application Builder </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Enhanced the <span class="wintitle">Code Block</span> element functionality. There are now separate input boxes for HTML/CSS and JavaScript. You can also enable or disable JavaScript from running in the Social Application Builder. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

**Fixes** 

* Made more than 185 back-end fixes to improve the performance, usability, and reliability of the product.
* Fixed an issue that caused inconsistencies when customers in areas that do not observe Daylight Saving Time (Arizona, for example) set their time zone preferences in `Settings` &gt; `Preferences` and when publishing posts and applications.
* Fixed an issue when editing the settings for a Facebook page that caused the `Owner`, `Moderation and Insights`, and `Prediction` settings to not respect their previous settings.
* Fixed an issue that prevented Social campaigns from displaying in the `Overview Dashboard's` `Campaign` reportlet, even though the campaigns displayed correctly in the `Social Campaigns` report.
* Fixed an issue with the `Overview Dashboard` that caused data to be missing from its `Social Buzz` reportlet, even though data displayed correctly in the `Social Buzz` report.
* Fixed an issue that caused the `Overview Dashboard` and `Social Buzz` report to contain no data when customers with a large number of listening rules had some empty `Display Name` classifications.
* Fixed an issue on the `Overview Dashboard's` `Social Buzz` reportlet that sometimes caused "unspecified" to display as a listening rule.
* Fixed an issue that caused the `Overview Dashboard`'s `Campaigns` reportlet to be blank when `Instances` was the selected metric.
* Made changes to the `Social Buzz` report so that if an incompatible classification and display name are used as filters, the report is blank (no metric data displays). This change ensures that the expected results display.
* Fixed a display issue where the `Real-Time` selector was misaligned in a minimized `Social Buzz` report window.
* Made changes to the metric selector in the `Social Buzz` report so that it contains all active listening rules, even if rules have no mentions.
* Fixed issue where the `Display Name` and `Post by Platform` reportlets on the `Social Buzz` report displayed inconsistent numbers.
* Fixed an issue that prevented data from displaying in the `Social Buzz` report if classifications did not have display names.
* Fixed an issue where removing filters from the `Social Buzz` report incorrectly sorted the displayed results.
* Fixed an issue that sometimes caused the trendline to not display correctly in the `Social Buzz` report.
* Fixed an issue that prevented the `Related Terms` reportlet in the `Social Buzz` report from populating correctly when filtering by two display names.
* Fixed an issue that caused incorrect sorting in the `Social Buzz` report after removing filters.
* Fixed an issue that caused the `Social Buzz` report to display data from a blacklisted term.
* `Follower Count` has been added to the Excel spreadsheet that you can export from the `Social Buzz` report.
* The display name that captured data for each verbatim has been added to the Excel spreadsheet that you can export from the `Social Buzz` report.
* Fixed an issue where Adobe Analytics campaigns were incorrectly displayed in the `Social Campaigns` report for those customers that had not yet published to an Adobe Social campaign.
* Fixed an issue that caused metric number discrepancies between the different reportlets on the `Campaigns Details` report.
* Fixed an issue that prevented all post types from displaying in the `Campaign Timeline` reportlet in the `Campaign Details` report.
* Fixed a navigational issue when viewing an individual post from the `Post Analytics` report. When users close the post to return to the `Post Analytics` report, the report now displays in whichever mode the user previously was viewing (list view or roll-up view).
* Fixed an issue that prevented users from sorting the `Clicks` column in the YouTube section of the `Post Analytics` report in roll-up view.
* Fixed an issue that caused inconsistent numbers reported for ctx.ly links in the `Post Analytics` report.
* Fixed an issue that caused discrepancies in engagement numbers between the `Post Performance` reportlet on the `Post Analytics` report and the engagement numbers in the posts's `Post Details` report.
* Fixed an issue that caused tags to not display in the `Post Details` report.
* Fixed an issue that caused the incorrect number to display for `New Followers` in the `Property Details` report.
* Changed the column header on the `Twitter` tab in the exported `Post Performance` report from `Followers` to `Reach`.
* Fixed an issue that caused the wrong notification email message to be sent when posts are approved.
* Changed the notification messages so that the text is more understandable for users when a post fails.
* Changed how Social reports errors to the administrator when a post fails. The actual error message from the platform is used in the notification message.
* Fixed an issue that caused links pasted into the Publisher to be added in the wrong place (at the beginning or middle of the post's text).
* Fixed an issue that caused broken links after customers copied shortened URLs from the `Publisher` and pasted them elsewhere (in a reply, for example).
* Fixed an issue with the Facebook API that was causing posts to fail.
* Fixed an issue that caused links displayed in the `Publisher` preview and in the `Content Calendar` to be different than the links in the posts after being published to Facebook.
* Fixed an issue that prevented changes made by the auto-correction feature in the `Content Calendar` from persisting in the published post.
* Fixed an issue that caused images to be rotated after being published.
* Fixed an issue that caused unreliable video posting to Facebook.
* Fixed a display issue that some customers experienced when creating posts in the `Content Calendar`. In some situations, this issue caused edited posts to contain the original text after being published.
* Fixed an issue with the `Predictive Publisher` feature that sometimes caused it to recommend odd times (during the night, for example) or times in the past.
* Fixed an issue that caused discrepancies in the number of engagements displayed on an application's tile on the `Apps Overview` page and the number reported after exporting the application's results by clicking the wrench icon.
* Fixed an issue that caused the `Share Story` pop-up for mobile applications to use stock information rather than customized text.
* Fixed an issue that prevented the Twitter backfill feature from working correctly for a few customers.
* Fixed a problem that prevented expired campaigns from displaying on the `Campaigns` page ( `Settings` &gt; `Campaigns`) even though the `Show Expired` option was enabled.
* Changed the column header on the `Users &amp; Groups` page ( `Settings` &gt; `Marketing Cloud Users and Groups`) from `Last Login` to `Last Visit` to more accurately describe the expected behavior.
* Added a warning message when a users attempts to reauthorize a Twitter account other than the account that the user is currently logged in to.
* Fixed an issue that caused Social to display Twitter reauthorization warnings too frequently (when accounts do not need to be reauthorized).
* Fixed an issue that prevented certain actions, such as reply, from the Twitter Moderation module.
* Changed the behavior when users log in to Social from one computer or browser and then subsequently log in to the same account using a different computer or browser. The previously selected report suite automatically loads regardless of the computer or browser used.
* Fixed an issue that caused Social to load exceptionally slow for certain customers, which made it appear that the product wasn't functioning correctly.
[Top](01162014.md#concept_204B77F9CC56466E9D12D2699DA67DF1) 

* [Target Standard](01162014.md#section_1D29E460D86242D0A2745FBF6965C61C)
* [Target Advanced](01162014.md#section_09B259BE070544BDA5457F60B87EC3A3)
* [Recommendations](01162014.md#section_A098324375B24056B9CAA8953B33C479)
* [Search&amp;Promote](01162014.md#section_FC78CD454B154F0ABD73970E8D91D4A9)

## Target Standard {#section_1D29E460D86242D0A2745FBF6965C61C}

Target Standard 1.4 (releasing January 20, 2014) contains the following features, fixes, and known issues.
**New Features** 

<table id="table_9E303FF0CD954795A29369A6D4166DB5"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry">Feature</th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry">Description</th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">Estimate revenue lift</td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> <span class="keyword">Target</span> can estimate the revenue lift you would attain if all users view the winning experience. </p> <p>This estimate calculates the amount of lift achieved by the winning experience and your total number of visitors over the life of the test, and shows the lift you might achieve if every visitor sees the winning experience, if the trends continue as they have during the test.</p> <p>The accuracy of the estimate depends on a number of factors, including projected figures if current trends continue. These values are estimates based on past performance and should not be used for financial guidance. Future results may vary.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">Undo/Redo</td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>You can undo changes you make to your activities during an editing session. You can also redo undone changes.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">Move element</td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>You can move elements on your page. Unlike <span class="wintitle">Rearrange Elements</span>, the <span class="uicontrol">Move</span> option does not shift other elements to make room for the element being moved. Use your arrow keys to fine tune the move. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">Resize element</td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>You can resize an element on your page. When you select <span class="uicontrol">Resize</span>, a handle appears in a corner of the element that lets you drag that corner to resize. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">Target a location when setting up an audience</td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>When creating an audience, you can select a location (mbox) and specify parameters for that location.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">Preview links</td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Preview links work as expected.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

**Fixes** 

* Fixed issues that prevented preview links from working as expected.
**Known Issues** 
This release includes the following known issues. These issues will be fixed in an upcoming update.

* Click tracking does not work on elements that have been rearranged using the `Visual Experience Composer`. Avoid setting up click tracking on rearranged elements until this is bug is fixed.

[Top](01162014.md#concept_204B77F9CC56466E9D12D2699DA67DF1) 

## Target Advanced {#section_09B259BE070544BDA5457F60B87EC3A3}

This release includes the following enhancements.
**New Features** 

<table id="table_583FEC3D9D614B5398A1F5BF6321D4E8"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry">Feature</th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry">Description</th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">Enabled compression for mbox responses.</td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>All mbox responses with content greater than 2K will be compressed. Any response smaller than 2K won't be compressed. This option can be changed to a lower value.</p> <p>The difference in size due to compression depends on the data.</p> <p>This compression occurs on all common browsers. There are no changes required on the client side.</p> <p>There are no changes in <span class="filepath">mbox.js</span>, so no update is required. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">Added button on the Profile Attributes page to refresh in-mbox profile attributes.</td> 
   <td colname="col2">Allows you to refresh the profile attributes now instead of waiting for the automatic refresh.</td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

**Fixes** 
This release includes the following fixes:

* Fixed an issue where a dynamic offer stored on the client's site did not display properly if `display:none` was not set.
* Updated mobile device database so recent devices, including the Samsung Galaxy S4 are targeted properly.
* Fixed an issue where multiple periods in a domain prevented user creation.
* Fixed an issue where an offer name with multibyte characters was unreadable when passed to `Adobe Analytics`.
* Fixed an integration issue between `Target` and Insight (data workbench) that resulted in some segment settings not being saved.
* Fixed an issue that caused some parameters to be reset when the visitors' host changes include a subdomain change.
[Top](01162014.md#concept_204B77F9CC56466E9D12D2699DA67DF1) 

## Recommendations {#section_A098324375B24056B9CAA8953B33C479}

Recommendations 14.1-TR-2.15.5 (releasing January 21, 2014) contains the following enhancements and fixes.
**Enhancements** 

| Enhancement |Description |
|---|---|
| Increase the number of data feeds shown to users on the ** `Product` ** &gt; ** `Feeds and Uploads` ** page.  |Previously, Recommendations displayed the last five data feeds on the `Feeds and Uploads` page, although the entire history was stored. You can now use a URL parameter to configure how many days back are shown in the data feed history.  |

**Fixes** 

* Fixed an issue where different versions of the Recommendations algorithms returned different information.
* Improved the report suite feeds using a new compression technique. This fixes an issue where report suite feeds sometimes failed due to an unexpected EOF error.

## Search&Promote {#section_FC78CD454B154F0ABD73970E8D91D4A9}

**New Features** 


<table id="table_27B1D387802541DB80C450DEB838D020"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry"> <p>Feature</p> </th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry"> <p>Description</p> </th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Stemming dictionaries added</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Stemming dictionaries were added for Indonesian and Turkish languages.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Export reports</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>You can now export data to CSV from the Terms Report, the Null Search Terms Report, and the Search Requests Report.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Do not associate</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>You can now control which two words should not be associated together in search results, such as "Sweatshirt" and "Shirt".</p> <p> <p>Note: This feature is not enabled by default. Contact Adobe Customer Care to activate the feature in Search&amp;Promote for your use.</p> </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

**Fixes** 
* You could not add results in a `Recommended` zone that were outside the currently selected faceting criteria. 

* You could not save results-based rules for an account with HTTPS-only searching.

* Setting up a Business rule for "is not a mobile phone" did not work.

* Performing an inventory filter search did not return results.

* The Size facet order was not getting updated.

* Added the option for a "custom" rule definition to the Query Cleaning page.

* The Terms report was repeating entries if there was not enough data.

* Pushing a single business rule live was working in Staging mode, but failing in Live mode.

* Auto-complete edits to Include or Exclude lists were not saved in History and, therefore, could not be reverted.


See also [Adobe Search&amp;Promote Help](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/snp/). 
[Top](01162014.md#concept_204B77F9CC56466E9D12D2699DA67DF1) 
**Audience Management DIL 4.8** 
Updated February 6, 2014

* Released DIL 4.8 to fix a compatibility issue with the AppMeasurement for JavaScript library. Analytics customers must also update to version 1.2.2 of AppMeasurement for JavaScript (this change does not impact customers on H code).

* [Audience management release notes](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/demdex/c_release_notes.html).
* Advertising management Help for advertising management is available in the product at ** `Help` ** &gt; ** `Help Contents` **.
[Top](01162014.md#concept_204B77F9CC56466E9D12D2699DA67DF1) 

* [Adobe Experience Manager](http://dev.day.com/docs/en/cq/current/release_notes/overview.html)
* [Scene7 Publishing System Release Notes](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/s7/release_notes/index.html)
[Top](01162014.md#concept_204B77F9CC56466E9D12D2699DA67DF1) 
