---
description: Learn about new features and fixes in the Adobe Marketing Cloud.
keywords: release notes
seo-description: Learn about new features and fixes in the Adobe Marketing Cloud.
seo-title: Release Notes - February 2015
solution: Experience Cloud,Release Notes
title: Release Notes - February 2015
uuid: 2c6137e8-f2e5-448c-8041-7f324277f82c
index: n
internal: n
snippet: y
translate: y
---

# Release Notes - February 2015


>[!NOTE]
>
>To receive release notes one week prior to the monthly product update, subscribe to the[Adobe Priority Product Update](https://www.adobe.com/subscription/priority-product-update.html). Release information in the Priority Product Update comes one week in advance of the release date. Please check back at release time for updates. 


<!-- <p>This file is the template for the monthly RNs. To update all links, open this file in notepad++, search for <span class="filepath">02192015</span> and replace all occurrences with the current file name (usually release date). When adding content, edit only the tables and Fixes ULs. Do not overwrite Concepts, Sections, or the topic maps ULs. </p> --> **February 2015** 

* [Key Features Released in 2015](02192015.md#keyfeatures2015)
* [Marketing Cloud and Core Services](02192015.md#marketingcloud) (**15.3.1 - Updated March 4**)
* [Analytics](02192015.md#analytics) (Fixes list updated February 20)
* [Social](02192015.md#social) (February 19)
* [Target](02192015.md#target) (Refer to the Target section)
* [Media Optimizer](02192015.md#mediaoptimizer)
* [Campaign](02192015.md#campaign)
* [Experience Manager](02192015.md#experiencemanager)
* [Key Features Released in 2014](11132014.md#key_features)

<table id="table_4ABE0F980A704B069BA9044E7F32ECFE"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry">Feature</th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry">Description</th> 
   <th colname="col3" class="entry">Release Date</th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Analytics classification rules - overwrite existing values</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>In <span class="uicontrol">Admin Tools</span> &gt; <span class="uicontrol">Classification Rule Builder</span> &gt; <span class="term">&lt;rule set name&gt;</span>, two new options enable you to select an overwrite mode: </p> 
    <ul id="ul_14E61CC9E94B431090539CB47A9B83D6"> 
     <li id="li_F77AEF4B136540E5A6E1040215999E85"> <b>Rules overwrite any existing values:</b> (Default setting) Always overwrite existing classification keys, including classifications uploaded via the importer (SAINT). </li> 
     <li id="li_0E82075DFBF04D1D8D686A5B95FCFB3E"> <b>Rules overwrite only unset values:</b> Only fill in blank (unset) cells. Existing classifications will not be changed. </li> 
    </ul> <p>Previously, if a key was already classified in any column or cell, the rule would not run on that key, and the row in the table was skipped.</p> <p>See <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/reference/classification_rule_set.html" format="https" scope="external">Classification Rules</a> product documentation for more information. </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>February 19</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>


* [Marketing Cloud Interface](02192015.md#section_57CB69C044DD47BDBC1A1BEC38957551)
* [Mobile Services](02192015.md#mobile)
* [Dynamic Tag Management](02192015.md#dtm)

## Marketing Cloud Interface 15.3.1 {#section_57CB69C044DD47BDBC1A1BEC38957551}

March 4, 2014

<table id="table_EB3FFBA2DF904546A5185EC9A63BBA98"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry">Feature</th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry">Description</th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Group Mapping</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>The <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mcloud/groups.html" format="https" scope="external">Group Management</a> page has been redesigned as an administrative interface that lets you create groups, add users to groups, and apply permissions across Marketing Cloud solutions. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>One-to-many mapping</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>When linking solution accounts in the Marketing Cloud, if you have multiple solutions and organizations, you can now map multiple products and services to a single organization.</p> <p>See <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mcloud/organizations.html" format="https" scope="external">Accounts and Organizations</a>. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Activation</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> <span class="term">Activation</span> now displays in the left navigation in the <span class="keyword">Marketing Cloud</span>. <span class="wintitle">Activation</span> is a <span class="keyword">Marketing Cloud</span> core service currently comprised of the <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/dtm/" format="https" scope="external">dynamic tag management</a> technology, and directs you there when clicked. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Documentation Updates - Core Services</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Added the topic <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mcloud/core_services.html" format="https" scope="external">Core Services - Enabling Your Solutions</a> to assist you with implementing core services. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

See [Marketing Cloud and Core Services](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mcloud/) product documentation for more information. 

## Marketing Cloud Interface 15.2.1 {#marketing_cloud_interface}

New features and fixes in the `Adobe Marketing Cloud` collaboration and sharing interface. 

* Improved the user email invitation workflow for account provisioning.
* Fixed an asset folder issue preventing `Marketing Cloud` and `Adobe Campaign` assets from displaying identical folder hierarchies.
* Fixed an issue preventing the deletion of audiences that were part of deactivated `Target` activities.
* Fixed an issue preventing the Add (plus) icon from displaying under `Rules` on the `Create New Audience` page.
* Improved Marketing Cloud interface support for Internet Explorer 9.
<!-- <table id="table_4E4B34EEE3D94D78BA1A1FBC62950559"> 
 <tgroup cols="2"> 
  <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1" colwidth="1.00*" /> 
  <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2" colwidth="1.75*" /> 
  <thead> 
   <tr> 
    <th colname="col1" class="entry">Feature</th> 
    <th colname="col2" class="entry">Description</th> 
   </tr> 
  </thead> 
  <tbody> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> <p>Map 1: many log-in companies. (Link Additional Accounts</p> </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>When you <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mcloud/organizations.html" format="https" scope="external">add an organization</a> in the Marketing Cloud, you can now map 1:many log-in companies within an Organization. This feature simplifies your organization structure and improves the Marketing Cloud ID service implementation. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
  </tbody> 
 </tgroup> 
</table> --> See [Marketing Cloud Product Documentation](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mcloud/) for product help. 
[Top](02192015.md#marketingcloud) 

## Adobe Mobile Services {#mobile}

**Fixes** 

* Restored the `In-App Messaging Names` report (which was removed in January) to the main menu.
* The Acquisition &gt; Overview main chart title is now * `Top Campaigns` * rather than * `Key Performance Indicators` *. This change better describes the type of information being displayed.
* Fixed a issue where using Location filters on the funnel chart caused the map to display, rather than a funnel.
* Updated the `Retention Report` to support the modified Gregorian calendar so that correct weekly values are returned.
* Fixed issue causing titles on In-App Messaging Overview cards to display non-localized titles.
* Improved the styling of Target Experience interface.
* Fixed certain apps' pathing reports showing "undefined" on steps.
* Upon receiving a CSRF token error, rather than displaying an error message, the system now automatically logs you out and requires you to re-authenticate to restore the session.
See [Adobe Mobile Services](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mobile/) for product documentation. To see the release notes for previous releases, expand *Previous Release Notes* in the left pane. 
[Top](02192015.md#marketingcloud) 

## Dynamic Tag Management {#dtm}

**Fixes** 

* Added a deprecation warning message for all company administrators using Amazon hosting for their JavaScript library.
* Improved the error handling for instances where `document.write` is not available.
* Addressed various localization issues to increase the user experience for supported languages.
* Fixed an issue where the `Channel` field was not included in rules specifying a `s.tl()` call in `Adobe Analytics`.
* Fixed an issue where copied rules were not automatically added to the staging library until a change was made to the rules.
* Fixed an issue where Regex was firing for rules using the “parameters” condition option, even if the parameter wasn’t present.
See [What's New in Dynamic Tag Management](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/dtm/whatsnew.html) for current and cumulative release notes, help, and documentation updates. 
[Top](02192015.md#marketingcloud) 

* [New Features in Analytics](02192015.md#features_analytics)
* Fixes: 
    * [Marketing Reports &amp; Analytics](02192015.md#fixes_reports_analytics)
    * [Report Builder](02192015.md#fixes_arb)
    * [Ad Hoc Analysis](02192015.md#fixes_ad_hoc)
    * [Clickstream Data Feeds](02192015.md#clickstream)

* [AppMeasurement and Mobile SDKs](02192015.md#appmeasurement_sdk)

## New Features in Analytics {#features_analytics}


<table id="table_91D1FD20C4C1411292252364328677AF"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry">Feature</th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry">Description</th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">Reports Analytics Navigation Updates</td> 
   <td colname="col2"> 
    <ul id="ul_156855264F144041A33CAB2D0B6D6F4D"> 
     <li id="li_DC1CEE2241EA4E768B12380213774C1F">You can now bookmark and favorite Anomaly Detection reports. This lets you save your report configuration, pin it, share it, and load it upon login.</li> 
     <li id="li_2F23AC12C42445D9B1CB9FE6B267FED2">You can now search the report list by prop, eVar, and event number. From anywhere in Reports &amp; Analytics, bring up the search bar by typing the forward slash (/). Then enter the prop, eVar, or event number.</li> 
     <li id="li_5481A6F260A04A43899B77A7E84A3D92">The report search has been extended to include everything in the Analytics left navigation (Admin, Components, etc).</li> 
     <li id="li_842080F15E524376B5644FB1BF3FC042">The collapsed or expanded view of the left-hand Analytics menu now persists based on which view you have chosen.</li> 
     <li id="li_C77D3CE4DF62476F9729519E153BA6E5"> 
      <!--AN-91912-->The report suite selector is now available from <span class="uicontrol">View All Reports</span> in Reports &amp; Analytics. </li> 
    </ul> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">Anomaly Detection Updates</td> 
   <td colname="col2"> 
    <ul id="ul_9F4F40B4329443AC88F07B74660407C3"> 
     <li id="li_C8AD28F2D284440F8419F9B1CD9F29F5"> 
      <!--AN-87605-->The <span class="uicontrol">Add Filtered Metrics</span> feature in Anomaly Detection has been replaced by the ability to apply segments. You can apply a segment to Anomaly Detection by clicking <span class="uicontrol">Show Segments</span> at the top of the report page. </li> 
     <li id="li_8EEB2C69113C43349F2B5E3AD9352B7B">Added the ability to run a set of metrics without saving them as the default. This is now more consistent with standard Reports &amp; Analytics reports.</li> 
    </ul> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Analytics classification rules - overwrite existing values</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>In <span class="uicontrol">Analytics</span> &gt; <span class="uicontrol">Admin</span> &gt; <span class="uicontrol">Classification Rule Builder</span> &gt; <span class="term">&lt;rule set name&gt;</span>, two new options enable you to select an overwrite mode: </p> 
    <ul id="ul_54AAEB16B74B4F53BE3549A7992B7353"> 
     <li id="li_006D39F7A3D742EA8BD97203A608699C"> <b>Rules overwrite any existing values:</b> (Default setting) Always overwrite existing classification keys, including classifications uploaded via the importer (SAINT). </li> 
     <li id="li_6F71992C30E44B6FAC8E7C20D4C9D6DF"> <b>Rules overwrite only unset values:</b> Only fill in blank (unset) cells. Existing classifications will not be changed. </li> 
    </ul> <p>Previously, if a key was already classified in any column or cell, the rule would not run on that key, and the row in the table was skipped.</p> <p>See <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/reference/classification_rule_set.html" format="https" scope="external">Classification Rules</a> product documentation for more information. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">Metric polarity</td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Note: This setting is not currently used in Adobe Analytics, but will be used in the future.</p> <p>1. Metric polarity allows you to indicate whether Adobe Analytics should consider it good or bad if a given custom event (metric) goes up.</p> <p>2. It will allow Adobe Analytics to show directional indicators (arrows) for various metrics to add context (for example, week over week comparisons). Example: if "Bugs Submitted" goes up week over week, should Adobe Analytics consider that good, or bad? Other examples: an increase in Email Registrations is probably good. But an increase in Form Submission Errors is probably bad.</p> <p>In 
     <ignoretag>
      <span class="uicontrol">Analytics</span> &gt; 
      <span class="uicontrol">Admin Tools</span> &gt; 
      <span class="uicontrol">Edit Settings</span> &gt; 
      <span class="uicontrol">Conversion</span> &gt; 
      <span class="uicontrol">Success Events</span>
     </ignoretag>, notice the <span class="uicontrol">Polarity</span> column. You can check <span class="uicontrol">Up is good</span> or <span class="uicontrol">Up is bad</span>. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>


## Marketing Reports & Analytics {#fixes_reports_analytics}

**Fixes** 

* Fixed an issue on the Referrer Type Report that caused the sum of all the line items to not match the total instances. Referrer instances for visits with multiple external referrers are now counted once per referrer instead of being allocated across the present referrers.
* Fixed an issue on the Site Content &gt; Content Drilldown Report that caused percentages in trended hierarchy reports to appear incorrectly.
* Fixed a count reloads discrepancy between Reports &amp; Analytics and Ad Hoc Analysis when using the Single Access and Visits metrics.
* Fixed an issue that had the segment selector show up in rollup report suites, which is not supported. Going forward, the segment selector will not show up for rollup report suites.
* Fixed an issue where selecting eVar instances metrics in Anomaly Detection resulted in an error retrieving reports. Going forward, eVar instances metrics will no longer be selectable in the Anomaly Detection Interface.
* Fixed an issue that prevented customers from adding alerts to traffic calculated metrics.
* Fixed an issue where Campaign variable metric headers in data extracts were not showing up for customers using both Reports &amp; Analytics and Social.
* Fixed an issue that occurred when copying legacy segments that included deprecated rules. An error will now be displayed: "WARNING: One or more selected segments contains a deprecated rule and cannot be copied."
* Fixed an issue where Segment Manager was not correctly showing the segments that were being applied to dashboards.
* Fixed an issue where the Advanced Filter “If any criteria are met” was not available after breaking down a report.
* Fixed a permissions issue for real-time reports.
* Fixed an issue where users could not see segments names in a shared dashboard.
* Fixed a segmentation issue that prevented the creation of customer loyalty segments.
* Fixed an issue that prevented the creation of processing rules with special characters in the conditions.
* Fixed an issue where Reports &amp; Analytics was not showing scheduled reports when the underlying dashboard had been deleted.
* Fixed an issue that caused a "report_not_available" error message to be returned when refreshing a workbook.
* Fixed an issue on the Browser Width Report that prevented browser width 0-99 from being broken down by browser, operating system, or other dimensions.
* Fixed an issue on the Referrer Report that prevented the metrics from being changed after switching between trended and ranked.
* Fixed an issue that caused the sum of searches in the "Search Engine-Natural" and the "Search Engines-Paid" reports to be higher than the total searches in the "Search Engine-All" report.
* Fixed the geographic filter option on the US DMA report to apply the filter correctly.
* Fixed an issue that caused Current Data to show new values only when the reporting period is * `current day` * and not * `current week` * or * `current month` * even though the current day should be included.
* Fixed an issue that caused the Yearly Unique Visitors report to display the sum of the visitors for the currently selected granularity instead of the yearly unique visitors.
* Fixed an issue that caused Romania to appear twice on the Geo filter drop down list.
* Fixed an issue on the Cookies report that caused incorrect totals to be reported in some circumstances when crossing the Version 15 migration date and when multiple metrics are selected.
[Top](02192015.md#marketingcloud) 

## Unified Segmentation {#section_403971F2BCD442CF9D0D6489EB69C697}

These changes apply to all unified segmentation features in Adobe Analytics, including the Reports and Analytics and Ad Hoc capabilities.

* Instance Between updates for sequential segments. Originally, this feature allowed you to match an event in a sequential segment, such as the end of a visit, and to set time within or after logic based on these event checkpoints. Now, a new container-restriction function let you specify a limit and count, and to identify the container in building a segment, allowing you to build more focused and complex sequential segments.
* Dimension Between updates for sequential segments. Like the Instance Between logic that identifies matches between containers, the Dimension Between now includes a dimension-restriction function that provides logic based on dimension values, determining matches based on specific values (table rows) to track if a selected dimension is set (or not) and then allow you to provide segment logic based on these dimension values.
* Sequential segmentation adds multi-instance matching. The previous implementation of Instance Between logic employed only first instance matching for sequential segments, failing to match legitimate sequences found later in the visit. New logic now allows any matching sequence across the visit to be captured as part of the sequential segment. For example, a sequential segment capturing visitors that went to *page A then page B but not page C* would not match if the visitor went to *A to B to C and then back to B*, which matches in a second instance (going back to page B matches the logic *A to B and not C*). 


## Report Builder {#fixes_arb}

**Fixes** 

* Fixed an issue that caused results to not return in report builder in some circumstances when running a multi-level breakdown.
* Fixed an issue in report builder that caused a workbook to return an error when recent data is enabled and the request contains only recent data events.
* Fixed an issue in report builder that prevented file download URLs from being reported in some circumstances for report suites that have enabled case-insensitive props.
* Fixed an issue that caused items to be returned in an inconsistent order in report builder or a data extract with the Most Popular filter applied.
[Top](02192015.md#marketingcloud) 

## Ad Hoc Analysis {#fixes_ad_hoc}

**Fixes** 

* Fixed an issue with renaming events in Reports &amp; Analytics. The renamed event showed up with the original name in Ad Hoc Analysis.
* Fixed an issue with undefined values occurring in Ad Hoc Analysis flow reports.

## Data Warehouse {#fixes_data_warehouse}

**Fixes** 

* Fixed an issue where UTF-8 encoded line items were truncated in Data Warehouse reports.

>[!NOTE]
>
>Data warehouse access from Version 14 will be removed in this release.[Learn more](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/reference/?f=whatsnew_segments)

[Top](02192015.md#marketingcloud) 

## Clickstream Data Feeds {#clickstream}

Data Backfills for Hourly Data Feeds:
If you request data for earlier dates when setting up a new hourly data feed, data for dates more than 60 days ago might be delivered in daily format instead of hourly.
In this case, you will not receive 24 separate deliveries for these days, instead, you will receive a single delivery with a midnight timestamp that contains all of the data for that day. If you are requesting this type of backfill, Make sure your ETL is configured to process daily deliveries.
See [Configuring Data Feeds](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/sc/clickstream/datafeeds_configure.html) for more information. 
[Top](02192015.md#marketingcloud) 

## AppMeasurement and Mobile SDKs {#appmeasurement_sdk}

** `AppMeasurement` for JavaScript** 
**1.4.3** 

* Made all handling of delayed tracking calls consistent, which fixes issues with backed-up variables during the delay, such as the clicked object.
* Changed to not do automatic referrer tracking after the first tracking call so the 2nd, 3rd, etc tracking call (usually link tracking) will not double-count the referrer when * `s.referrer` * was manually set before the first tracking call.
* The distribution zip was updated to include Visitor API 1.3.5.
**JavaScript H code (Legacy)** 
**H.27.5** 

* Changed to not do automatic referrer tracking after first tracking call so the 2nd, 3rd, etc tracking call (usually link tracking) will not double-count the referrer when * `s.referrer` * was manually set before the first tracking call.
* The distribution zip was updated to include Visitor API 1.3.5
**Marketing Cloud Visitor ID Service** 
**1.3.5** 

* Fixed handling of timeout on request for AAM Blob and Location Hint. Now on a timeout it will correctly leave those fields blank for the current page and call all callbacks. The timeout will be treated as an error condition so it will try again on the next page.
** `AppMeasurement` for Other Platforms** 
See [AppMeasurement Release History](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/sc/appmeasurement/release/index.html) the following for a release history of `AppMeasurement` on the following platforms: 

* JavaScript
* iOS
* Android
* Flash-Flex
* OSX
* Windows Phone, XBOX, Silverlight, and .NET
* BlackBerry
* Java
* PHP
* Symbian
[Top](02192015.md#marketingcloud) 
**Fixes and Enhancements** 
This `Social` release focuses on improved performance, scalability, usability, and reliability. More than 350 back-end fixes and enhancements address these areas. The fixes highlighted below describe resolutions for the more important customer-reported issues. 

* Added a new sub-classification for `Owned Post ID` that lets you run a `Social Campaigns` report in `Adobe Analytics` to view owned social metrics. For example, you can display how many Facebook post impressions were generated by all posts in a campaign.
* Fixed an issue that caused `SAINT` classifications to be incorrect after initial `Adobe Social` enablement.
* Fixed an issue that incorrectly caused an error message to display after editing a tweet so that it contains fewer than 140 characters.
* Removed the `Expand/Collapse` option in the `Publisher's` `Preview` pane that displays when creating content for Twitter. Because of changes made by Twitter, this option is no longer necessary.
* Fixed an issue that caused reported metric numbers in `Social` for YouTube videos to be delayed when compared to the numbers reported on YouTube.
* Fixed an issue that sometimes prevented posts made natively and non-natively from displaying in the `Post Analytics` report.
* Fixed an issue that caused the reported post time in the `Posts` report to differ from the post time in Facebook.
* Fixed an issue that sometimes prevented users from resolving escalations in `Moderation`.
* Fixed an issue that caused discrepancies for delegations and re-escalations when comparing numbers on the `Moderation Overview` dashboard and in the downloaded report.
* Fixed an issue that caused post time stamps in a downloaded moderation report to display in UTC time, rather in the user's time zone.
* `Social` now sends email messages when LinkedIn accounts need to be re-authorized.
* Fixed an issue that caused Sina Weibo accounts to require frequent re-authorization.
[Top](02192015.md#marketingcloud) 

* Target Standard and Premium
* Target Classic
* Recommendations Classic
Refer to the [Adobe Target Release Notes](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/target/rn/) for the latest dates and release information. 

* [Audience management release notes](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/aam/c_release_notes.html) 

* Advertising Management help is available in the product at ** `Help` ** &gt; ** `Help Contents` **. 

[Top](02192015.md#marketingcloud) 
`Adobe Campaign` provides an intuitive, automated way to deliver one-to-one messages across online and offline marketing channels. You can now anticipate what your clients want using experiences determined by their habits and preferences. 
For product documentation, see: [Adobe Campaign Documentation](https://support.neolane.net/doc/AC6.1/en/home.html). 
[Top](02192015.md#marketingcloud) 
`Adobe Experience Manager` is an enterprise web content management system that lets you author, manage, develop, and publish your web sites. 
For product documentation, see:

* Release notes: [Adobe Experience Manager 6.0 Release Notes](http://docs.adobe.com/content/docs/en/aem/6-0/release-notes.html)
* Help home: [Adobe Experience Manager Help Home](http://docs.adobe.com)
* Scene7 Publishing System: [Scene7 Publishing System Release Notes](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/s7/release_notes/index.html)
* Assets: [Assets Release Notes](http://docs.adobe.com/content/docs/en/aod/overview/release-notes.html)
[Top](02192015.md#marketingcloud) 
