---
description: New features and fixes in the Adobe Experience Cloud.
keywords: release notes
seo-description: New features and fixes in the Adobe Experience Cloud.
seo-title: Release Notes - March 2018
solution: Experience Cloud,Release Notes
title: Release Notes - March 2018
uuid: bfe14a78-e70d-4ae5-867a-09f38b2ce324
index: n
internal: n
snippet: y
translate: y
---

# Release Notes - March 2018

<!-- <p> 
 <note type="important">
   This page contains pre-release content and is subject to change prior to the March 8, 2018 release . 
 </note> </p> --> 
>[!NOTE]
>
>To be notified about the early release notes, subscribe to the[ Adobe Priority Product Update ](https://www.adobe.com/subscription/priority-product-update.html). The Priority Product Update is published three to five business days prior to the release. Please check back at release time for updates. New information published after the release will be marked with the publication date. 


**March 2018** 
Latest update: **March 29, 2018**

* [ Experience Cloud Brand Updates ](03082018.md#brand)
* [ Experience Cloud Recipes ](03082018.md#recipes)
* [ Experience Cloud and Core Services ](03082018.md#coreservices)
* [ Analytics ](03082018.md#analytics) (**March 29, 2018**)
* [ Audience Manager ](03082018.md#aam)
* [ Target ](03082018.md#target)
* [ Campaign ](03082018.md#campaign)
* [ Experience Manager ](03082018.md#experiencemanager)
* [ Livefyre ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/livefyre/)
* [ Media Optimizer ](03082018.md#mediaoptimizer) (**March 17, 2018**)
Go [ here ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mcloud/solutions-core-services.html) to learn about the latest branding updates for solutions and core services in the Experience Cloud. 
[ Experience Cloud Recipes ](https://helpx.adobe.com/marketing-cloud/how-to/use-cases.html) help you implement and deploy cross-solution workflows and integrations. 

<table id="table_558E0B0AECB84969825705EC62FA1BB2"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Use Case </th> 
   <th colname="col02" class="entry"> Date Published </th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>First-time Setup</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col02"> <p>October 18, 2017</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>The first-time setup recipe walks you through the steps to get started using Experience Cloud solutions.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Email Optimization</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col02"> <p>August 15, 2017</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>The email marketing use case shows you how to implement an integrated email strategy with analytics, optimization, and campaign management.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Mobile App Engagement</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col02"> <p>June 1, 2017</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>The mobile app engagement use case shows you how to integrate your mobile apps with the Adobe Experience Cloud to measure user engagement and deliver personalized experiences to your audiences.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Digital Foundation</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col02"> <p>May 2017</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>The Digital Foundation use case helps you implement a digital marketing platform with Analytics, optimization, and campaign management.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Customer Intelligence</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col02"> <p>April 2017</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>The Customer Intelligence use case shows you how to create a unified customer profile using multiple data sources, and how to use this profile to build actionable audiences.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

Release notes for the core services interface, including Assets, Feed, Notifications, Profiles &amp; Audiences, Mobile Services, Launch, and Dynamic Tag Management. Also includes release information for Experience Cloud ID Service (Visitor API).

* [ Experience Cloud ID Service ](03082018.md#mcvid)
* [ Mobile Services ](03082018.md#mobile)
* [ Mobile Services SDK ](03082018.md#section_FD57C8A6E37244E6B3E2AEB0222230A6)

## Experience Cloud ID Service {#mcvid}

<!-- <p>https://wiki.corp.adobe.com/display/MCID/Visitor+API+Release+Log</p> --> Improvements and fixes for the Experience Cloud ID service.

* Fixed a bug where the * ` resetBeforeVersion` * function would not work on subdomains. (CORE - 11390)
* Fixed a bug where the Experience Cloud ID Service would erroneously set an AMCV cookie on domains without the leading dot when ` visitor.cookieDomain` has a leading dot. For example, it would set an [ AMCV cookie ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/whitepapers/cookies/cookies_mc.html) on ` sampledomain.com` in addition to ` .sampledomain.com`. (CORE - 10634)
See [ Experience Cloud ID Services ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mcvid/) product documentation. 

## Mobile Services {#mobile}

New features, updates, and fixes to Mobile Services.

* Removed the ability to create Target workflows in Adobe Mobile Services. (MOB-8683)
See [ Adobe Mobile Services ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mobile/) for product documentation. To see the release notes for previous releases, expand *Previous Release Notes* in the left pane. 

## Experience Cloud Mobile SDKs {#section_FD57C8A6E37244E6B3E2AEB0222230A6}


<table id="table_6DB2F55C955943EB97DC25C96B6DF526"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Feature </th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> Android SDK Version <b>4.15</b> and iOS SDK Version <b>4.15</b></p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Mobile SDKs enhanced with APIs that support General Data Privacy Regulation (GDPR) by</p> 
    <ul id="ul_4D8A13A8D7E34E1E91B09EBE37995E2D"> 
     <li id="li_58D3A5D64B674FB5870DDCA95C2F8765">Retrieving locally stored identities</li> 
     <li id="li_3EBEABFBE6344E4AB3DB9ACDF940DEBC">Setting opt status flags for data collection &amp; transmission</li> 
    </ul> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

Release date: **March 08, 2018**

* [ Important Notices for Analytic Administrators ](03082018.md#analytics_notices) (**March 17, 2018**)
* [ Analytics - New Features ](03082018.md#features_analytics)
* [ Analytics - Fixes and Updates ](03082018.md#analytics-interface)
* [ Analytics - Administration, Implementation, Developer ](03082018.md#analytics-implement) (**March 28, 2018**)

## Important Notices for Analytics Administrators {#analytics_notices}


>[!IMPORTANT]
>
>Review the following table for important Analytics notices that may affect data collection, processing, APIs, product end-of-life, and so on.


<table id="table_E08D11345DD64677B46629651A0FFDBF"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Notice </th> 
   <th colname="col02" class="entry"> Date Added or Updated </th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Adobe to stop issuing 3rd-party s_vi cookies for Safari</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col02"> <p>March 23, 2018</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>On March 20, 2018, Adobe stopped issuing 3rd-party s_vi cookies for the Safari browser. The reason is that Safari's ITP is giving customers inconsistent visitor identification.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Update Report Builder before you migrate user IDs to the Admin Console</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col02"> <p>March 17, 2018</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> <p type="important">Note:  Update your installation of <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/arb/t_install_arb.html" format="html" scope="external"> Report Builder </a> to the latest version. This update is a pre-requisite for running the Analytics user ID migration to the Admin Console, beginning in April 2018. </p> </p> <p>See <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/experience-cloud/admin-console/analytics-migration/" format="https" scope="external"> Analytics User Migration to the Admin Console </a> for migration information. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Back-end changes that affect reporting</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col02"> <p>March 12, 2018</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>A change to the (back-end) lookup mechanism is going to impact reporting in several ways. Please be aware that these changes went into effect around the <b>end of February, 2018</b>: </p> 
    <ul id="ul_7515E2E79FD94B8F8DFF4C2DBB9E6A84"> 
     <li id="li_F37C29245E064716AE2F3AC9C20A77BC"> <b>Note that this change has been delayed to the April 12, 2018 release:</b> Page renaming will no longer be allowed. Going forward, you will need to use classifications to rename pages. Note that until the May Maintenance release (May 10, 2018), the system will continue to process the renames as they are currently configured. Adobe is asking all customers to migrate to Classifications by that date. After the May Maintenance Release, existing renames will no longer be honored and can change, retroactively, without notice. </li> 
     <li id="li_14CAB45EC2F2490BB6C8A912C66BB77C">The URL "replacement" methodology is different. Previously, Adobe Analytics would store (mostly) the first URL associated with each pagename each month. Going forward, we will store the most recent URL for each pagename.</li> 
     <li id="li_E46207F194134AEA86F5CB2C8F26C76C">Category reports for rollups and current data in Reports &amp; Analytics are no longer provided. However, deprecating category rollup reports in the Web Service API has been delayed until the April Maintenance Release</li> 
     <li id="li_C699A0328CFD4AC4839C481710FE29AA"> There is no longer any support for page/prop data from before approximately January 2007 (in some cases, 2006). This only impacts pages, props and page events (i.e. custom links, exit links, download links). <p>Note:  This change does not impact reporting in Analysis Workspace or Data Warehouse. </p><p>If you have data preceding these dates, expect the following:</p> 
      <ul id="ul_7CC6A7455BAF4ADCB7A626F2BB8A45B6"> 
       <li id="li_07D957DE7D6D4458AEA8B30910A8E8F9">Data will not combine correctly across the pre/post January 2007 boundary</li> 
       <li id="li_96D1DF439E2842AE9E2FCF951ADFA9FB">Searches will not work against data before approximately Jan. 2007</li> 
      </ul></li> 
    </ul> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>End of Support for TLS 1.0</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col02"> <p>February 28, 2018</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> 
    <ul id="ul_AB20C538470D490298CEEEC586E78DFE"> 
     <li id="li_4B1B15B5CD4E48408AD180A868E4FDCF">Starting April 12, 2018, <b>Adobe Analytics Reporting</b> will no longer support TLS (Transport Layer Security) 1.0 encryption. This change is part of our ongoing efforts to maintain the highest security standards and promote the safety of customer data. Because the Analytics Reporting web UI already requires a modern web browser, we do not anticipate any issues. If you are unable to connect to Adobe Analytics reporting after April 12, you should upgrade your browser <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/sc/user/requirements.html" format="html" scope="external"> to the latest version </a>. </li> 
     <li id="li_2D362B576BB44F7AB607BAC83E82FDF1">Starting September 13, 2018,<b>Adobe Analytics Reporting API</b> will no longer support TLS 1.0 encryption. Customers who access the API should verify that they will not be impacted. 
      <ul id="ul_7AF48F929BEB452B86B9FD1ED384417F"> 
       <li id="li_1FDA77D1F1674330993108E177BA98BE">API clients using Java 7 with default settings will need <a href="https://www.java.com/en/configure_crypto.html" format="html" scope="external"> modifications to support TLS 1.2 </a>. (Refer to “Changing default TLS protocol version for client end points: TLS 1.0 to TLS 1.2”.) </li> 
       <li id="li_F949D2E426464752A115492480CA5AEC">API clients using Java 8 should not be impacted, because it defaults to TLS 1.2.</li> 
       <li id="li_6A422113BF774C07BE856B923B1933F6">API clients using other frameworks will need to contact their vendors for details on TLS 1.2 support.</li> 
      </ul><p>To find out if you will be affected, Adobe will provide a temporary API endpoint for testing purposes. Details will be provided in May.</p></li> 
     <li id="li_7644CA61FB6248EBB094E4DC0BCEFE57">Starting September 13, 2018, <b>Adobe Analytics Data Collection</b> will no longer support TLS 1.0. With this change, we will no longer collect Analytics data from end users with older devices or web browsers that do not support TLS 1.1 or later. <p>Note: If your web site does not support TLS 1.0, you will not be impacted by the collection change.</p></li> 
    </ul> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Upcoming support changes for Date-Enabled and Numeric Classifications</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col02"> <p>February 28, 2018</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>In the April Maintenance release, we will begin limiting the functionality of date-enabled and numeric classifications. These classification types will be removed from the <span class="uicontrol"> Admin </span> and <span class="uicontrol"> Classification Importer </span> interfaces. </p> <p>From that date on, no new date-enabled and numeric classifications can be added. Existing classifications can still be managed (uploaded to, deleted) through the standard classification workflows, and will continue to be available in reporting.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Upcoming support changes for Marketing Channel Cost and Budget</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col02"> February 28, 2018 </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>In the April Maintenance Release, we will remove Marketing Channel Cost and Budget from the <span class="uicontrol"> Admin </span> &gt; <span class="uicontrol"> Marketing Channel </span>menu. No new cost and budget data can be added. Existing cost and budget data will continue to be available in reporting, but cannot be updated. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Code Manager - Legacy H Code</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col02"> <p>February 8, 2018</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Downloading legacy JavaScript (H code) from the Code Manager is no longer supported.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Data retention: Check and set your data retention policy for Adobe Analytics</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col02"> <p>February 1, 2018</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> <b>Background</b> </p> <p>The European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), which applies as from May 25, 2018, provides that Adobe, in its role as your data processor, must take appropriate measures to assist its customers in fulfilling access, deletion, and other requests from individuals. Applying appropriate, secure, and timely deletion policies is an important part of complying with this obligation. As a result, Adobe would like to work with you to implement a data retention policy before GDPR takes effect on May 25, 2018.</p> <p>What to expect. Unless you already have an Adobe Analytics data retention policy in place, here's what to expect.</p> <p>Going forward, Adobe will begin applying data retention as currently specified in customer contracts for Adobe Analytics, unless other arrangements are made. Most Adobe Analytics contracts state that Adobe may delete data after 25 months. Once a data retention policy is in place for your organization, it is enforced on a rolling monthly basis. Data retention for longer periods than 25 months is available for an additional fee. Data retention periods for shorter periods can also be configured by contacting Customer Care.</p> <p>You will soon receive an email with additional details for your organization.</p> <p>Data retention impacts all methods for accessing historical Adobe Analytics data, including but not limited to Reports &amp; Analytics, Analysis Workspace, Report Builder, the Web Services Reporting APIs, data warehouse, and data feeds.</p> <p> <b>Next steps</b> </p> <p>Identify stakeholders within your organization responsible for making decisions about data retention. Your organization is best placed to know the appropriate period for which Adobe Analytics data should be retained.</p> <p>Please contact your Adobe Customer Success Manager if you have any questions regarding data retention for Adobe Analytics.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>User account linking</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col02"> <p>October 26, 2017</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Analytics users no longer need to manually link their accounts between the Experience Cloud and Analytics. Users can contact their <a href="https://helpx.adobe.com/enterprise/help/aedash.html" format="html" scope="external"> Admin Console </a> administrator to request Analytics access. 
     <!--<xref href="https://jira.corp.adobe.com/browse/CORE-5526">https://jira.corp.adobe.com/browse/CORE-5526</xref>--></p> <p> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/experience-cloud/admin-console/analytics-migration/" format="https" scope="external"> Learn more about the Analytics User ID Migration </a>. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>User ID Migration to the Admin Console</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col02"> <p>September 21, 2017</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>The Analytics user ID migration enables administrators to easily migrate user accounts from Analytics User Management to the Adobe Admin Console. After your users are migrated, they will have access to the solutions and core services available in the Experience Cloud. The migration is being rolled out to customers in phases beginning later this month.</p> <p> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/experience-cloud/admin-console/analytics-migration/" format="https" scope="external"> Learn more about the Analytics User ID Migration </a>. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Notice for API Methods affected by the migration to the Admin Console.</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col02"> <p>September 21, 2017</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> Adobe will phase out the <span class="codeph"> Permissions </span> and <span class="codeph"> Company.GetLoginKey </span> API methods as part of our effort to migrate user access and management to the Admin Console. </p> <p> All Analytics companies that currently use these methods will receive a pre-migration notification beginning <b>March 31, 2018</b>. After receiving this notification, administrators will have 30 days before their migration starts, and these methods will cease to work for your company. </p> <p> To prepare for this event, view the list of affected APIs, and learn what Adobe recommends, see <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/developer/documentation/analytics-administration-1-4/admin-api" format="https" scope="external"> Analytics Administration API 1.4 </a>. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Ad Hoc Analysis</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col02"> <p>September 21, 2017</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>As of May 2018, Ad Hoc Analysis will support only Java 8 or higher. If you choose to run Ad Hoc Analysis on Java 7 after the May 2018 Maintenance Release, Adobe will no longer support your Ad Hoc Analysis implementation.</p> <p>Our .jar files are signed with a secure 256-bit encryption that is not supported by Java versions less than 1.7.0_76. This 256-bit certificate allows us to serve you with enhanced security.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Bot Rules</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col02"> <p>Sept. 21, 2017</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>We recommend defining no more than 500 bot rules per report suite.</p> <p>The user interface allows for 500 rules to be manually defined. After this limit is reached, rules need to be managed in bulk through the <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/reference/t_upload_bot_rules.html" format="html" scope="external"> Import File </a> and Export Bot Rules options. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Calendar Events: Displaying top 20 most recent events</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col02"> <p>September 21, 2017</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>To ensure optimal reporting performance, the 20 most recent calendar events will be displayed on trended and overtime graphs.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>geo_zip</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col02"> <p>August 23, 2017</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>As of August 22, Adobe Analytics started determining geo_zip on all hits received during data collection. This update increases data accuracy, particularly for mobile devices. Previously, the geo_zip was set once per visit. Now, geo_zip can correctly change during the course of a visitor's visit. The geo_zip field is not used in reporting, but surfaces in Data Feeds.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Geo Segmentation</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col02"> <p>August 21, 2017</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> On August 22, Adobe Analytics enabled <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/reference/reports_geosegmentation.html" format="html" scope="external"> Geo Segmentation </a> reports for all customers. This change is in anticipation of the upcoming removal of the geo segmentation settings in the Admin Console. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>


## New Features in Adobe Analytics {#features_analytics}

Enhancements and new features released in Adobe Analytics.
Release date: **March 8, 2018**

<table id="table_91D1FD20C4C1411292252364328677AF"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col01" class="entry"> Product </th> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Feature Name </th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colspan="3"> <p>Analysis Workspace</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col01"></td> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/analytics/analysis-workspace/column-settings.html" format="html" scope="external"> Header text wrapping </a> </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>You can now wrap the header text in Freeform tables to make headers more readable and tables more shareable. We have added <span class="uicontrol"> Wrap Header Text </span> in Column settings. This option is especially useful for <span class="filepath"> .pdf </span> rendering and for metrics with long names. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col01"></td> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/analytics/analysis-workspace/apply_create_metrics.html" format="html" scope="external"> Right-click to create metric from selection </a> </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>To make it easier to quickly create calculated metrics, <span class="uicontrol"> Create metric from selection </span> has been added to the right-click menu. This option displays when one or more header column cells are selected. </p> 
    <!--<p>More… </p>--> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col01"></td> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/analytics/analysis-workspace/map-visualization.html" format="html" scope="external"> Map visualization enhancements </a> </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>To be able to show period-over-period (such as year-over-year) comparisons in the Map visualization, we have added these enhancements:</p> 
    <ul id="ul_F570E6AB174C45788620CF50E2742A08"> 
     <li id="li_746E329037764644A9CCF79161C26350">The Map visualization can now show negative numbers. For example, if you are plotting a year-over-year metric, the map can show -33% over New York.</li> 
     <li id="li_E05F0380627044E6A4E8A60C98494BF7">With metrics that are of type "percent", clustering averages the percentages together.</li> 
     <li id="li_44C04306EA1B413E91B8256B340D5296">Added a new color scheme: Positive/Negative (green/red).</li> 
    </ul> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col01"></td> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/analytics/analysis-workspace/starter_projects.html" format="html" scope="external"> Custom template updates </a> </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>For the recently released custom templates, we</p> 
    <ul id="ul_787F48253F454163B99F6DD50F199FE2"> 
     <li id="li_828DD547DDB54A81B9FFB9FE92790F6C">Added a template icon to the top of the project (near the title) to help differentiate the edit template mode from using a template as a starting point for a project.</li> 
     <li id="li_EEAA4D115CB74A57BABD524B2561E0CC">Allow non-admins to create (save-as) and edit Workspace project templates, provided they have been granted the <span class="uicontrol"> Create/Curate Projects in Analysis Workspace </span> permission. ( 
      <ignoretag> 
       <span class="uicontrol"> Admin </span>  &gt; 
       <span class="uicontrol"> User Management </span>  &gt; 
       <span class="uicontrol"> Groups </span>  &gt; 
       <span class="uicontrol"> Edit All Report Access </span>  &gt; 
       <span class="uicontrol"> Customize Analytics Tools </span>  &gt; 
       <span class="uicontrol"> Create/Curate Projects in Analysis Workspace </span> 
      </ignoretag>). </li> 
    </ul> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colspan="3"> <p>Virtual Report Suites</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col01"></td> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/reference/vrs-report-time-processing.html" format="html" scope="external"> Any combination of events can trigger new visit </a> </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>In the <span class="uicontrol"> Visit Definition </span> tab of the Virtual Report Suite builder, we added a setting called <span class="uicontrol"> Start New Visit with Event </span>. This allows for any combination of events to start a new visit, not just app launches. We also added a list of metrics that you can drag to the visit definition tab. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col01"> <p>Calculated Metrics</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/analytics/calcmetrics/" format="https" scope="external"> Change to entitlements </a> </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Adobe Analytics Select customers are now entitled to use Advanced Calculated Metrics.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>


## Analytics - Fixes and Updates {#analytics-interface}

Fixes and minor updates applied to Adobe Analytics interface tools and components (Analysis Workspace, Reports &amp; Analytics, Report Builder, and so on).
<!-- <p>Include topics regarding Analytics &gt; Components or Tools and interfaces.</p> --> 
<table id="table_A51B298EEEB5482383505B8C5A79E1B9"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Product </th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Fix or Update </th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Analysis Workspace</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> 
     <ul id="ul_2F22339DDE4C475F89B53D0E6FF33183"> 
      <li id="li_5B37D2B450AC47A99D95FF094166744F">Fixed an issue that caused incorrect conditional formatting to render when adding a time period column to a freeform table. (AN-157087)</li> 
      <li id="li_D62D071BE79543F7AB0C62348D107FE1">Fixed an issue that occurred when editing a custom date range: the rolling date range definition didn’t show correctly the first time it was opened. (AN-155970)</li> 
      <li id="li_BDCE922D714C4341AEC388AA948AAF49">Fixed an issue that caused the CSV separator setting specified in Components &gt; Report Settings to not be reflected in Analysis Workspace. (AN-155596)</li> 
      <li id="li_EE00D18D67E74405AC5DC802E5C9688A">Fixed an issue with the column resizing feature that was introduced in January 2018. It didn’t work for breakdowns, and now does. (AN-156048)</li> 
      <li id="li_0E80637438D840428BE480303A0968E0">Fixed an issue where Freeform tables were not formatted correctly when selecting <b>Collapse all breakdowns</b>. (AN-157169) </li> 
     </ul> </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Other Analytics Fixes</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> 
     <ul id="ul_B3810CF9DA584DDDB811F1D0F91B78F2"> 
      <li id="li_70C87228892242C99129CF1625A88B24"> <b>API requests</b>: Fixed issues with API requests that caused segment errors to be returned. (AN-153459, AN-152573) </li> 
      <li id="li_A4AA1A05384D45A5878C543BE753BAAC"> <b>Admin Tools</b>: Fixed an issue with metrics labels appearing in English, even though the report suite language was set to another language. (AN-153268) </li> 
      <li id="li_F15E1A5F9EBB4A1AA5A7233D94051187"> <b>Reports &amp; Analytics</b>: Fixed an issue with Target reports not correctly reporting Quarterly totals. (AN-153933) </li> 
      <li id="li_A1730CAFC666475B957AFB7821F53CB6"> <b>User Migration</b>: Fixed a user migration error message that now explains that the Experience Cloud UI doesn’t allow for some special characters in user names. (AN-155946) </li> 
      <li id="li_03D8A57A771147AEA9A460F2F1C401B0"> <b>User Migration</b>: Fixed an issue that, for some customers, caused a user migration banner to display in English instead of the appropriate report suite language. (AN-157729) </li> 
      <li id="li_A5F1EAB3521F43D383D2169A7BDF10E8"> <b>Reporting</b>: Fixed an issue that caused the following types of breakdowns to result in inaccurate data: breaking down Entry props (example: Entry Page Type) by props (example: Page Type), and vice versa. This was true of any potentially multi-valued variables like mc_audiences, post_tnt, etc. (AN-156606) </li> 
     </ul> </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

[ Top ](03082018.md#recipes) 

## Analytics - Administration, Data Collection, Implementation {#analytics-implement}

Fixes and updates applied to Analytics administration tools, including implementation and developer (Web Services and SDKs).
<!-- <p>Includes any topics under Analytics &gt; Admin and Implementation or data collection items.</p> --> 
<table id="table_EB8261E817054C2F8B17C09D16DB3412"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Product / Feature </th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Update </th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>AppMeasurement (Legacy and Mobile SDKs)</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> 
    <draft-comment> 
     <p>https://wiki.corp.adobe.com/display/omtrcache/AppMeasurement+Change+Log</p> 
     <p>https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/sc/appmeasurement/release/index.html</p> 
    </draft-comment> <p> <b> <span class="keyword"> AppMeasurement </span> for JavaScript</b> </p> <p> <b>JavaScript 2.8.1</b> (March 29, 2018) </p> 
    <ul id="ul_1A54C26934F64081A012F5F1A6A31174"> 
     <li id="li_6DEDC1C95E264D59882F5E27DA613873">Re-bundle updated Visitor API v3.1 (AN-159524)</li> 
    </ul> <p> <b>JavaScript 2.8.0</b> </p> 
    <ul id="ul_47B0C42D752B482DB71F78B35C5D9FC1"> 
     <li id="li_4DBF78BE4BCE4041916ADD9D48933D38">Updated AppMeasurement to use the updated Visitor interface for requesting IDs. (AN-151483)</li> 
     <li id="li_EED4812287A04380A78D05A286FAF499">Link tracking cookie keeps getting written once link tracking is turned off. (AN-156332)</li> 
    </ul> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> Analytics Web Services (SOAP and REST APIs) </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> <b>Deprecation Notice</b> </p> <p> Version 1.2 of the Web Services API was officially deprecated on February 20, 2014. It will reach end-of-life on September 15, 2016. At that time, Adobe will remove the ability of the API servers to respond to version 1.2 API requests. Any API requests made to the <span class="filepath"> https://api.omniture.com/admin/1.2 </span> endpoint will return a 404. 
     <!--https://jira.corp.adobe.com/browse/AN-118670; run this notice until Sept.--></p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

**Fixes, Enhancements, and Deprecations** 

* We made an improvement to the Traits View page, where you can now view the entire folder path for a trait instead of just the parent folder. (AAM-34364)
* Fixed a bug in Audience Marketplace where the horizontal scroll wouldn't work in the View All Traits modal, so that customers were unable to explore traits with longer names. (AAM-34033)
* Fixed a bug for users logging in with Adobe IDs where their user status would not change from PENDING to ACTIVE even after logging in. (AAM-32364)
* Fixed a bug in Trait Builder, where customers that created rule-based traits were not able to add a second trait rule because of an error message, stating that "An Operator must be selected." (AAM-35019)
* Fixed a bug in Audience Lab, where a customer accidentally clicking ** ` Finalize Control Group` ** twice would create a duplicate control group. (AAM-31141)
* Fixed a bug which occurred when mapping a segment to a destination, in the date picker, where the dates before and after the current month would display as NaN. (AAM-34505)
* Fixed a bug in the Data Source settings where the radio buttons would reset to ** ` Customer ID` ** with every other selection on page. This fix also includes some error message inconsistencies for Data Source settings. (AAM-34754)
[ Top ](03082018.md#recipes) 
Refer to the [ Adobe Target Release Notes ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/target/rn/) for the latest release information about the following products: 

* Target Standard and Premium
* Target Classic
* Recommendations Classic
` Adobe Campaign` provides an intuitive, automated way to deliver one-to-one messages across online and offline marketing channels. You can now anticipate what your clients want using experiences determined by their habits and preferences. 
For product documentation, see:

* [ Adobe Campaign Classic Release Notes ](http://docs.campaign.adobe.com/doc/AC/en/RN.html)
* [ Adobe Campaign Classic Documentation ](https://helpx.adobe.com/support/campaign/classic.html)
* [ Adobe Campaign Standard Release Notes ](https://helpx.adobe.com/campaign/standard/rn/rn.html)
* [ Adobe Campaign Standard Documentation ](https://helpx.adobe.com/support/campaign/standard.html)
To learn more about Adobe Campaign, enable yourself at [ Adobe Digital Library ](https://digitalu.adobe.com/content/Enablement/en.html). 
[ Top ](03082018.md#recipes) 

* [ Additional resources ](03082018.md#section_B1FAFE0975E74070812BC036D994FBE3)

## AEM release notes {#section_8CD42C5750254AA88D6ACA7DBFA0D9A1}

Adobe recommends customers with on-premise deployments to deploy the latest patches to ensure higher stability, security, and performance.


<table id="table_F4E7F10923004BF1AD49BACE86D4982E"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry"></th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Title </th> 
   <th colname="col3" class="entry"> Description </th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1" morerows="1"> <p> <b>Product Releases</b> </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>AEM Assets Brand Portal 6.3.2</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>AEM Assets Brand Portal 6.3.2, made available February 13, 2018, introduces new and enhanced functionality oriented toward top customer requests and general performance enhancements. The documentation experience covers the following major updates:</p> <p> 
     <ul id="ul_1B8FE948963442D9B2D2EC8EC1CA2E90"> 
      <li id="li_66DB83AF62EB4183AE4FDB8A25435065">Users can now request access to Brand Portal.</li> 
      <li id="li_042ED37AF2C24A43BCE780001CD4A308">Enhanced assets downloaded report now includes the asset download count per user</li> 
      <li id="li_F8CD15B4321D48B6B38F3DD3048E19BD">New Brand Portal maintenance notification appears before an upcoming maintenance activity.</li> 
      <li id="li_B2D10BCA5B3C44EA8BC33C8C89FCC6D5">Enhanced link share feature now prompts to accept the license agreement while downloading licensed assets.</li> 
     </ul> </p> <p> <a href="https://helpx.adobe.com/experience-manager/brand-portal/using/whats-new.html" format="https" scope="external"> What's new in AEM Assets Brand Portal </a> </p> <p> <a href="https://helpx.adobe.com/experience-manager/brand-portal/release-notes/brand-portal-release-notes.html" format="https" scope="external"> AEM Assets Brand Portal Release Notes </a> </p> <a href="https://helpx.adobe.com/experience-manager/brand-portal/user-guide.html" format="https" scope="external"> AEM Assets Brand Portal User Guide </a> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>AEM Desktop App 1.8</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>AEM Desktop App 1.8 focuses on better control of cache size for the user, login experience for SAML/SSO on Windows, supporting .pac network proxy on Mac, and customer-reported issues.</p> <p> 
     <ul id="ul_995B6859AF3844FDA6EE791104F1D164"> 
      <li id="li_41053B671CC74FE2BE216E75B93FFBFB"> <a href="https://helpx.adobe.com/experience-manager/kb/download-companion-app.html" format="https" scope="external"> Download </a> </li> 
      <li id="li_C9E006C4EABC4EA7958755DA9A9C6616"> <a href="https://helpx.adobe.com/experience-manager/6-3/release-notes/desktop-app-release-notes.html" format="https" scope="external"> Release Notes </a> </li> 
     </ul> </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1" morerows="2"> <p> <b>Product maintenance</b> </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>AEM releases and updates</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>A hub page for all available releases and updates for AEM 6.3, 6.2, and 6.1.</p> <p>See <a href="https://helpx.adobe.com/experience-manager/aem-releases-updates.html" format="https" scope="external"> https://helpx.adobe.com/experience-manager/aem-releases-updates.html </a></p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>AEM 6.1 Service Pack 2-Cumulative Fix Pack 14</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>AEM 6.1 SP2-CFP14 (6.1.2.14), released February 1, 2018, is an important update that includes key customer fixes released since the general availability of AEM 6.1 SP2, August 2016.</p> <p> 
     <ul id="ul_E16CD516D79E453EB81C356398E94021"> 
      <li id="li_86CCED07E136459EBFE206638E164575"> <a href="https://helpx.adobe.com/experience-manager/release-notes--aem-6-1-cumulative-fix-pack-.html" format="https" scope="external"> Release notes </a> </li> 
      <li id="li_1A2FEC6BC05B4F27BF9CC11F914B8524"> <a href="https://helpx.adobe.com/aem-forms/kb/aem-forms-releases.html" format="https" scope="external"> AEM Forms CFP releases </a> </li> 
     </ul> </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>AEM 6.2 Service Pack 1-Cumulative Fix Pack 12</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>AEM 6.2 SP1-CFP12 (6.2.1.12), released February 13, 2018, is an important update that includes key customer fixes released since the general availability of AEM 6.2 SP1, December 2016.</p> <p> 
     <ul id="ul_C31EAB4DC0AB4289B5C2B5B08CBFEE84"> 
      <li id="li_FAB79C952F834891A22C1185C399C6D4"> <a href="https://helpx.adobe.com/experience-manager/release-notes--aem-6-2-cumulative-fix-pack.html" format="https" scope="external"> Release notes </a> </li> 
      <li id="li_81055178B5F448AAB30CB44E67001317"> <a href="https://helpx.adobe.com/aem-forms/kb/aem-forms-releases.html" format="https" scope="external"> AEM Forms CFP releases </a> </li> 
     </ul> </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1" morerows="3"> <p> <b>Self-Help</b> </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>AEM Forms data integration</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>Added information on integrating on-premise Microsoft Dynamics with AEM Forms using form data model.</p> <a href="https://helpx.adobe.com/experience-manager/6-3/forms/using/ms-dynamics-odata-configuration.html" format="https" scope="external"> https://helpx.adobe.com/experience-manager/6-3/forms/using/ms-dynamics-odata-configuration.html </a> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>AEM Forms HTML to PDF conversion using PDF Generator</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>Added information to configure and use PhantomJS for converting HTML files to PDF using PDF Generator.</p> <a href="https://helpx.adobe.com/experience-manager/6-3/forms/using/install-configure-pdf-generator.html" format="https" scope="external"> https://helpx.adobe.com/experience-manager/6-3/forms/using/install-configure-pdf-generator.html </a> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Adobe Analytics Integration</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> Updates to the online Help topics <a href="https://helpx.adobe.com/experience-manager/6-3/sites/administering/using/opt-in.html" format="https" scope="external"> Using Opt-In </a>, <a href="https://helpx.adobe.com/experience-manager/6-3/sites/administering/using/adobeanalytics-connect.html" format="https" scope="external"> Managed Polling Configurations </a>, and <a href="https://helpx.adobe.com/experience-manager/6-3/sites/authoring/using/pa-using.html" format="https" scope="external"> Seeing Page Analytics Data </a> . </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Revision Cleanup</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>Added a new section "Running Online Revision Cleanup After Offline Revision Cleanup" to the Revision Cleanup Help topic.</p> <p> See <a href="https://helpx.adobe.com/experience-manager/6-3/sites/deploying/using/revision-cleanup.html#HowtoRunOnlineRevisionCleanup" format="https" scope="external"> Revision Cleanup </a>. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1" morerows="5"> <p> <b>Community</b> </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>AEM 6.4</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p> Get insights into What's New in AEM 6.4. Check out the AEM 6.4 announcement webinar presented by Loni Stark and Cedric Huesler. You can replay the session <a href="https://helpx.adobe.com/experience-manager/kt/eseminars/experience-insider/whats-new-aem-6_4.html?cq_ck=1519347337985" format="https" scope="external"> here </a>. </p> <p>Watch for AEM GEMS upcoming deep dives into the latest updates.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Adobe IMMERSE</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>The annual virtual global conference provides indepth sessions for enterprise developers and architects at all experience levels. Live sessions are held in India Standard, British Summer and Pacific time zones. Ticket holders also have unlimited access to all recordings for one year.</p> <p>Adobe IMMERSE17 on-demand sessions are available until June 12, 2018. There are 59 unique sessions that provide introduction courses and best practices. Get your ticket now and use discount code <b>PRT05</b> for a special price. <a href="http://bit.ly/IMMERSE17OD" format="http" scope="external"> http://bit.ly/IMMERSE17OD </a></p> <p>Adobe IMMERSE'18 is June 12-14 2018. Watch for an announcement of the schedule in April, 2018. We have opened registration. Early bird tickets are available at the following: <a href="https://adobe.ly/immerse18" format="https" scope="external"> https://adobe.ly/immerse18 </a></p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>AEM Technologist Meetup Group</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>This group provides you with notifications for AEM GEMs, Ask the AEM Community Expert webinars as soon as they are scheduled. You also get notified of in-person events and regional user group meetings.</p> <p> Join at the following: <a href="https://adobe.ly/2sVoSwy" format="https" scope="external"> https://adobe.ly/2sVoSwy </a></p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>AEM GEMS</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>This webinar series is focused on the newest innovations and best practices for working with the latest release of AEM.</p> <p>Sessions are presented by Adobe Experts on Wednesdays. You can access all our sessions on-demand <a href="https://helpx.adobe.com/experience-manager/kt/eseminars/gems/aem-index.html" format="https" scope="external"> here </a>. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Ask the AEM Community Expert</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>This webinar series is focused on top topics of discussion in the AEM HelpX Forum.</p> <p>Sessions are presented by Adobe Community Experts. You can access all our sessions on-demand <a href="https://helpx.adobe.com/experience-manager/kt/eseminars/ask-the-expert/atace-index.html" format="https" scope="external"> here </a>. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>AEM HelpX Forum</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>Join your peers and Adobe employees in this forum to get all your questions answered. Sign in with your Adobe ID and then introduce yourself <a href="https://forums.adobe.com/thread/2321910" format="https" scope="external"> here </a>. </p> <p>Make sure you check out the community articles <a href="https://forums.adobe.com/thread/2421693" format="https" scope="external"> here </a>. You can find helpful how-to instructions in these gems. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> <b>Training Services</b> </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Experience Delivers Blog</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>We are revitalizing our technical blog for those working with Adobe Enterprise Software. Check it out <a href="http://blogs.adobe.com/experiencedelivers/" format="http" scope="external"> here </a>. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>


## Additional resources {#section_B1FAFE0975E74070812BC036D994FBE3}


* [ AEM 6.3 Learn &amp; Support Home ](https://helpx.adobe.com/support/experience-manager/6-3.html)
* [ AEM 6.2 Learn &amp; Support Home ](https://helpx.adobe.com/support/experience-manager/6-2.html)
* [ AEM 6.1 Documentation Home ](https://docs.adobe.com/docs/en/aem/6-1.html)
* [ Older versions of AEM documentation ](https://helpx.adobe.com/experience-manager/aem-previous-versions.html)
* [ Scene7 Publishing System Release Notes ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/s7/release_notes/index.html)
* [ Livefyre release notes ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/livefyre/)
[ Top ](03082018.md#recipes) 
Updated: **March 17, 2018**

<table id="table_A41D8C79DEE84AE59FE9C8D2D291FCD7"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Feature </th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Search Campaigns</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>The former Campaigns (Beta) view is now the primary Campaigns view for read-only users. The legacy view is still available at Campaigns (Legacy).</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"></td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>All legacy custom views were migrated and synced with custom views in the new Campaigns views. Now, custom views are managed independently between the two view sets: new custom views and changes to custom views from the Campaigns views are not reflected in the Campaigns (Legacy) views, and vice versa.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Search Advanced Campaign Management</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>In the Keywords field, you can now use the following syntax to indicate broad match modifiers for dynamic parameters:</p> <p> 
     <ul id="ul_3A63B8F72CD84C80913D16F118F97141"> 
      <li id="li_F05093E792284E469B9986650FA22525">Broad Match Modifier for the first term in the Keyword column of the feed (such as +blue suede shoes) = +[keyword]</li> 
      <li id="li_DFDD217854E04D469CE4B13BBC430F3A">Broad Match Modifier for each term in the Keyword column of the feed (such as +blue +suede +shoes) = +[keyword]+</li> 
     </ul> </p> <p>To insert a column name as a dynamic parameter, click in the input field, and then click a column name in the column list.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

Media Optimizer help is available in the product at  ** ` ?` ** &gt; ** ` Help Contents` ** . 
[ Top ](03082018.md#marketingcloud) 
