---
description: Customer attributes, group mapping, contribution analysis, My Recommended Reports dashboards, additional eVars and events, and more.
keywords: release notes
seo-description: Customer attributes, group mapping, contribution analysis, My Recommended Reports dashboards, additional eVars and events, and more.
seo-title: Release Notes - March 2015
solution: Experience Cloud,Release Notes
title: Release Notes - March 2015
uuid: 32de0b4c-befb-4cda-b9cb-cb82d6c0e111
index: n
internal: n
snippet: y
translate: y
---

# Release Notes - March 2015


>[!NOTE]
>
>To receive release notes one week prior to the monthly product update, subscribe to the[Adobe Priority Product Update](https://www.adobe.com/subscription/priority-product-update.html). Release information in the Priority Product Update comes one week in advance of the release date and is subject to change. Please check back at release time for updates. 


**March 2015** 
Latest update (Analytics): [March 30, 2015](03192015.md#features_analytics). 

* [Marketing Cloud and Core Services](03192015.md#marketingcloud)
* [Analytics](03192015.md#analytics)
* [Social](03192015.md#social)
* [Target](03192015.md#target)
* [Media Optimizer](03192015.md#mediaoptimizer)
* [Campaign](03192015.md#campaign)
* [Experience Manager](03192015.md#experiencemanager)
* [Key Features Released in 2015](03192015.md#keyfeatures2015)

* [Marketing Cloud Interface](03192015.md#marketing_cloud_interface)
* [Mobile Services](03192015.md#mobile)
* [Data Connectors](03192015.md#data_connectors)
* [Dynamic Tag Management](03192015.md#dtm)

## Marketing Cloud 15.3.2 {#marketing_cloud_interface}

New features and fixes in the `Adobe Marketing Cloud` core services interface. 
**March 19** 

<table id="table_EB3FFBA2DF904546A5185EC9A63BBA98"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry">Feature</th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry">Description</th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Upload Customer Attributes</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>If you capture enterprise customer data in a customer relationship management (CRM) database, you can upload that data into the Marketing Cloud.</p> <p>Once the data is in the Marketing Cloud, you can, for example, create an audience segment in Analytics that includes customer attributes in the segment definition, and then share that audience segment with Target.</p> <p>See <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mcloud/index.html?f=attributes" format="https" scope="external">Customer Attributes</a> in Marketing Cloud help. </p> <p>Learn more about <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mcloud/index.html?f=core_services" format="https" scope="external">Enabling Your Solutions for Core Services</a>. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

**March 4** 

<table id="table_371D2B21B8EF411FA2DD33DD585F1F8F"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry">Feature</th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry">Description</th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Group Mapping</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>The <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mcloud/index.html?f=groups" format="https" scope="external">Group Management</a> page has been redesigned as an administrative interface that lets you create groups, add users to groups, and apply permissions across Marketing Cloud solutions. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>One-to-many mapping</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>When linking solution accounts in the Marketing Cloud, if you have multiple solutions and organizations, you can now map multiple products and services to a single organization.</p> <p>See <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mcloud/index.html?f=organizations" format="https" scope="external">Accounts and Organizations</a>. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Activation</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> <span class="term">Activation</span> now displays in the left navigation in the <span class="keyword">Marketing Cloud</span>. <span class="wintitle">Activation</span> is a <span class="keyword">Marketing Cloud</span> core service currently comprised of the <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/dtm/" format="https" scope="external">dynamic tag management</a> technology, and directs you there when clicked. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Documentation Updates - Core Services</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Added the topic <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mcloud/index.html?f=core_services" format="https" scope="external">Core Services - Enabling Your Solutions</a> to assist you with implementing core services. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

See [Marketing Cloud Product Documentation](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mcloud/) for product help. 
[Top](03192015.md#marketingcloud) 

## Adobe Mobile Services {#mobile}


<table id="table_03055471A9624B40B122C0E2CD295AA9"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry">Feature</th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry">Description</th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Mobile App Admin group</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> <span class="term">Managing Acquisition</span> and <span class="term">In-App Messages</span> are now accessible only to users within the <span class="wintitle">Mobile App Admin</span> group managed through Admin Tools in Analytics. This allows companies to manage who has access to these resources. <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mobile/index.html?f=t_admin_group" format="https" scope="external">More...</a></p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Multiple company switching in Account Settings.</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>When you log in to Mobile Services using your Adobe ID, if you have multiple Analytics companies, you can switch between them in Mobile Services.</p> <p>To change companies, click your user icon in the top right of the header.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

**Fixes** 

* Fixed an issue with the funnel image. If no data was present for the specific audience, but there was data for All Users, the All Users line would be a flat line rather than a funnel. Also improved spacing on this image.
* Fixed no or partial loading of apps when the company contained a large (100+) number of apps with large data sets.
See [Adobe Mobile Services](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mobile/) for product documentation. To see the release notes for previous releases, expand *Previous Release Notes* in the left pane. 
[Top](03192015.md#marketingcloud) 

## Dynamic Tag Management (03/24/2015) {#dtm}

**Fixes** 

* Updated the variable and event interface for the `Adobe Analytics` tool to allow auto-complete selection and to enable access to additional eVars and events for `Analytics Premium` accounts.
* Fixed an issue where the `Store Path` option for FTP library deployments was not updating for production libraries when using nested directories.
* Updated data elements to support hyphened names.
* Fixed an issue where the column indicator in the `Rules` table displayed for a rule, even if the tool was deleted.
* Updated the `Sequential HTML` code option to be available for page-load rules only. This option no longer appears for event-based rules. A notice displays with a `Sequential HTML` tag on an event-based rule to notify users to change the tag before the rule can be saved.
* Fixed an issue where the `Sign in with Adobe ID` login option wasn’t allowing users to sign in as a different user. Users can click `Sign in with a Different Adobe ID` to log out as the current `Marketing Cloud` user and be redirected to the Adobe login page.
See [What's New in Dynamic Tag Management](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/dtm/whatsnew.html) for current and cumulative release notes, help, and documentation updates. 
[Top](03192015.md#marketingcloud) 

* [New Features in Analytics](03192015.md#features_analytics)
* Fixes: 
    * [Marketing Reports &amp; Analytics](03192015.md#fixes_reports_analytics)
    * [Report Builder](03192015.md#fixes_arb)
    * [Ad Hoc Analysis](03192015.md#fixes_ad_hoc)
    * [Data Workbench](03192015.md#fixes_data_workbench)
    * [Data Warehouse](03192015.md#fixes_data_warehouse)
    * [Clickstream Data Feeds](03192015.md#clickstream)


## New Features, Enhancements or Changes in Analytics {#features_analytics}


<table id="table_91D1FD20C4C1411292252364328677AF"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry">Feature/Component</th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry">Description</th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">Updated guidance on time-stamped hits</td> 
   <td colname="col2">Data is time stamped when offline data is enabled in the mobile SDK (default setting) or anytime a report suite is <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/sc/implement/timestamp.html" format="https" scope="external">configured to accept time-stamped data</a>. Data collected offline on mobile devices may be sent hours or weeks after the date when it happened. These hits may be queued within the Analytics platform for minutes or hours longer than hits without time stamps: 
    <ul id="ul_DB12B8AF109345B5ADADA80EB55CCAE0">
     <li id="li_36A0ACE8B0F449E38EFABEC11A0AAA9B">For time-stamped data sent in very near current time, the probable delay is 10-15 minutes.</li>
     <li id="li_1C2A4A5CD9EA4A8893D23A1E5A101378">For time-stamped data sent in from yesterday, the probable delay is about 2 hours.</li>
     <li id="li_389F9247A2D14BFDB0C1E55026317392">For time-stamped data sent in that is older than yesterday, every day adds about 1 hour of delay, up to 15 days ago, when the delay stops going up.</li>
    </ul></td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">Customer Attributes report</td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> <span class="uicontrol">Visitor Profile</span> &gt;<span class="uicontrol">Customer Attributes</span>. </p> <p>If you capture enterprise customer data in a customer relationship management (CRM) database, you can upload the data into a customer attribute data source in the Marketing Cloud. After the data is uploaded, you can run the Customer Attributes report in reports &amp; analytics. <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/reference/?f=reports_customer_attributes" format="https" scope="external">More...</a></p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">New Reports &amp; Analytics default landing page</td> 
   <td colname="col2">A new dashboard called <span class="uicontrol">My Recommended Reports</span>will replace the built-in, standardized <span class="uicontrol">Site Overview</span> dashboard as the default landing page in reports &amp; analytics. <span class="uicontrol">My Recommended Reports</span> shows the <span class="wintitle">Key Metrics</span> report plus your five most frequently viewed reports. It is dynamic and based on the actual reports that you view the most. <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/sc/user/dashboard.html" format="https" scope="external">More...</a></td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">Contribution Analysis</td> 
   <td colname="col2">Contribution Analysis discovers hidden patterns to explain statistical anomalies and identify correlations behind unexpected customer actions, out-of-bound values, and sudden spikes or dips for selected metrics across convergent audience segments. <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/analytics/contribution/?f=ca_main" format="https" scope="external">More...</a></td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">Freeform Analysis <p>(public beta)</p></td> 
   <td colname="col2">For Admin users, Freeform Analysis is available to evaluate in an open beta. Freeform Analysis breaks down your data to build queries using relevant metrics, dimensions, segments, time lines, and other analysis breakdown values on the fly. Customizable reports and interactive visualizations then let you save the reports and share across the organization. <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/analytics/freeform/?f=dynamic_table_builder" format="https" scope="external">More...</a></td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">Additional eVars and Events</td> 
   <td colname="col2">You now have access to additional eVars and events. The exact number depends on which Adobe Analytics product you have contracted. <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/sc/implement/evars_events.html" format="https" scope="external">More…</a></td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">Reports &amp; Analytics: Real Time Reports enhancements</td> 
   <td colname="col2">You can now favorite and bookmark real time reports. This means you can also bookmark a real time report as your landing page. Additional UI enhancements include report labels.</td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">Admin Tools &gt; User Management enhancement</td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Added a column in the <span class="wintitle">User Management</span> table that shows the date when the user was created. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">Admin Tools &gt; Report Suites enhancement</td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>The settings for Downloads under <span class="uicontrol">Analytics</span> &gt; <span class="uicontrol">Admin</span> &gt; <span class="uicontrol">Report Suites</span> now include URL Filters, Time Zone, Paid Search Detection, and Base Currency. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">Reports &amp; Analytics: Calendar Events enhancement</td> 
   <td colname="col2">Calendar Events that have been marked as Shared now have an option to "push" the Calendar Event to other users. Pushing a Calendar Event will cause it to show up on the recipient users' trended and overtime graphs. This makes Calendar Events much more usable. Analysts now have the ability to force an overlay onto their users' reports to provide more context.</td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">Ad Hoc Analysis</td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>If you launch ad hoc analysis from a saved JNLP file, you need to download a new copy of the JNLP file with the March release. An error will result if you attempt to launch from a previous version of the JNLP file.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">Data Feeds</td> 
   <td colname="col2">Added the ability to create delivery presets for Amazon S3. <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/sc/clickstream/datafeeds_configure.html" format="https" scope="external">More...</a></td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">Data Feeds</td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>The following data feeds columns were deprecated in a prior release (including their post_ versions):</p> 
    <ul id="ul_18E3AA908FF0455BADA0AD22AC2788F9"> 
     <li id="li_D8A64666034F4B84AB31419D268B29E4">'socialaveragesentiment'</li> 
     <li id="li_12ADEFE42D3B4E41AF8648B98B7A1DC2">'sociallink'</li> 
     <li id="li_BD78026C0B924E2497821340FF4DAB35">'socialproperty'</li> 
     <li id="li_CEB61A7A89CE4997960AA0E2B9861F3A">'socialtermslist'</li> 
    </ul> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">Data Feeds</td> 
   <td colname="col2">Added a number of browser types to the look-up table.</td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">Data Warehouse</td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Added a number of browser types to the look-up table. This improvement could affect preexisting segments with rules on Browser Type.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">Report Builder</td> 
   <td colname="col2">Changed the separator between dimensions and classifications from an underscore character (_) to ||. This change has compatibility implications for a Report Builder 5.0 user who opens a Report Builder v5.1 workbook with classification requests. <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/arb/?f=troubleshoot" format="https" scope="external">More...</a></td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>


## Marketing Reports & Analytics {#fixes_reports_analytics}

**Fixes** 

* Fixed an issue where the ** `Select All` ** checkbox in ** `Segment Manager` ** selected more segments than expected when a filter was applied. It now selects only the visible, active segments.
* Fixed an issue where breaking down the `Servers` report by * `Site Sections` * or * `Page Names` * returned a `Top Level Domains` report instead.
* Fixed a naming conflict in scheduled reports that caused unintended delivery of scheduled reports data.
* Fixed an error condition that pointed to a missing report name when trying to send a report that already contained a report name.
* Fixed an issue with alerts for mobile reports (Device Name, Device Type, Manufacturer, etc.) not working properly. 
  >[!NOTE]
  >
  >This fix requires that you recreate all alerts for mobile reports.


* Fixed an issue where filters were not persisted when linking to a report.
* Fixed an issue where non-admin users could not edit or delete their public bookmark folders.
* Fixed an issue where in password recovery emails, Adobe’s sender domain (omniture.com) did not match the * `From` * value (adobe.com). This resulted in these emails being blocked and never received by the user. The * `From` * value has been changed to `httpd@omniture.com`.
* Fixed a real-time reports issue that caused the truncation of multi-byte characters in variable values.
* Fixed the issue with file attachments from reports &amp; analytics not showing up in the Apple Mail client (Mac, iOS).
* Fixed an issue where Scheduled / Downloadable Reports that contained calculated metrics with the Compare Dates option failed.
* Fixed an issue where search results did not persist after a report was scheduled in the Scheduled Reports Manager.
* Fixed an Anomaly Detection issue where data did not change after switching to another report suite.
[Top](03192015.md#marketingcloud) 

## Report Builder {#fixes_arb}

**Fixes** 

* Fixed an issue with the Visits metric not showing up in the `Available Metric` list on the second page of the `Request Wizard` in Report Builder.
[Top](03192015.md#marketingcloud) 

## Ad Hoc Analysis {#fixes_ad_hoc}

**Fixes** 

* Fixed an issue where calculated metrics with embedded segments were not saving properly in the site analysis settings.
* Fixed an issue with * `hour` * granularity that showed different results depending on whether it was set to * `Rows` * or * `Columns` *.

## Data Warehouse {#fixes_data_warehouse}

**Fixes** 

* Fixed an issue with data warehouse reports not getting delivered when the email address was set as the clients company's email address in the From field. All data warehouse reports are now sent from `no-reply@omniture.com`.
* Fixed a problem that sometimes resulted in corrupted output files.

>[!NOTE]
>
>Data warehouse access from Version 14 has been removed.[Learn more](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/reference/?f=whatsnew_segments)

[Top](03192015.md#marketingcloud) 

## Clickstream Data Feeds {#clickstream}


>[!IMPORTANT]
>
>The following data feed column sizes will increase in a future release (no sooner than 3 months from now):


* geo_zip field - column size will increase from 16 to 50 bytes.
* geo_region field - column size will increase from 32 to 255 bytes.
* geo_city field - column size will increase from 32 to 255 bytes.
[Top](03192015.md#marketingcloud) 
**Fixes, Enhancements, and Deprecations** 

* Effective March 1, 2015, `Adobe Social` will no longer support geo-targeting of tweets. Twitter requires that all geo-targeting leverage the Ads API. We are working with Twitter to reintroduce geo-targeting at a later date. We apologize for any inconvenience this has caused. Please reach out to your Social Account Manager or Customer Success/Support representative if you have additional questions.
* Fixed an issue that temporarily prevented `Social` from collecting metrics for YouTube channels.
* A one-time Facebook Publisher Authorization page will be triggered upon log in asking customers, who are currently using a Facebook custom publisher app, to authorize the `Adobe Social` new publisher app for each user's linked Facebook account(s). This is required for when we upgrade to the new Facebook graph API in April.
* Fixed an issue that caused metric discrepancies between those reported in `Adobe Analytics`and in YouTube for owned social properties.
[Top](03192015.md#marketingcloud) 
Refer to the [Adobe Target Release Notes](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/target/target/r_release_notes.html) page for the latest release information about the following products: 

* Target Standard and Premium
* Target Classic
* Recommendations Classic

* [Audience management release notes](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/aam/c_release_notes.html) 

* Advertising Management help is available in the product at ** `Help` ** &gt; ** `Help Contents` **. 

[Top](03192015.md#marketingcloud) 
`Adobe Campaign` provides an intuitive, automated way to deliver one-to-one messages across online and offline marketing channels. You can now anticipate what your clients want using experiences determined by their habits and preferences. 
For product documentation, see: [Adobe Campaign Documentation](https://docs.campaign.adobe.com/doc/standard/en/home.html). 
[Top](03192015.md#marketingcloud) 
`Adobe Experience Manager` is an enterprise web content management system that lets you author, manage, develop, and publish your web sites. 
For product documentation, see:

* Release notes: [Adobe Experience Manager 6.0 Release Notes](http://docs.adobe.com/content/docs/en/aem/6-0/release-notes.html)
* Help home: [Adobe Experience Manager Help Home](http://docs.adobe.com)
* Scene7 Publishing System: [Scene7 Publishing System Release Notes](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/s7/release_notes/index.html)
* Assets: [Assets Release Notes](http://docs.adobe.com/content/docs/en/aod/overview/release-notes.html)
[Top](03192015.md#marketingcloud) 

<table id="table_4ABE0F980A704B069BA9044E7F32ECFE"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry">Feature</th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry">Description</th> 
   <th colname="col3" class="entry">Release Date</th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Analytics classification rules - overwrite existing values</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>In <span class="uicontrol">Admin Tools</span> &gt; <span class="uicontrol">Classification Rule Builder</span> &gt; <span class="term">&lt;rule set name&gt;</span>, two new options enable you to select an overwrite mode: </p> 
    <ul id="ul_14E61CC9E94B431090539CB47A9B83D6"> 
     <li id="li_F77AEF4B136540E5A6E1040215999E85"> <b>Rules overwrite any existing values:</b> (Default setting) Always overwrite existing classification keys, including classifications uploaded via the importer (SAINT). </li> 
     <li id="li_0E82075DFBF04D1D8D686A5B95FCFB3E"> <b>Rules overwrite only unset values:</b> Only fill in blank (unset) cells. Existing classifications will not be changed. </li> 
    </ul> <p>Previously, if a key was already classified in any column or cell, the rule would not run on that key, and the row in the table was skipped.</p> <p>See <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/reference/classification_rule_set.html" format="https" scope="external">Classification Rules</a> product documentation for more information. </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>February 19</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>2014 Features</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>See <a href="11132014.xml#key_features" format="dita" scope="local">Key Features Released in 2014</a></p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"></td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

