---
description: Mobile Services 2.0;Analytics-enhanced reporting for Target;Dynamic facets in Search&Promote;Default campaigns in Social, and more.
keywords: release notes
seo-description: Mobile Services 2.0;Analytics-enhanced reporting for Target;Dynamic facets in Search&Promote;Default campaigns in Social, and more.
seo-title: Release Notes - April 17 2014
solution: Experience Cloud,Release Notes
title: Release Notes - April 17 2014
uuid: efe87cda-d56f-414d-bc9e-f346ef2706c8
index: n
internal: n
snippet: y
translate: y
---

# Release Notes - April 17 2014

Updated: **April 24, 2014**

* [ Marketing Cloud and Shared Capabilities ](04172014.md#marketingcloud) Updated **April 24**
* [ Analytics ](04172014.md#analytics)
* [ Social ](04172014.md#social)
* [ Target ](04172014.md#target)
* [ Media Optimizer ](04172014.md#mediaoptimizer)
* [ Campaign ](04172014.md#campaign)
* [ Experience Manager ](04172014.md#experiencemanager)

* [ Marketing Cloud Interface ](04172014.md#section_5AD81B0737C843AFB4BE9C4420D70EB3) Updated **April 24**
* [ Mobile Services 2.0 ](04172014.md#section_6349293559DE4FBDB2BF0514E1C01482)
* [ Data Connectors ](04172014.md#section_FFA1D17E376D475ABC73A41BB7591543)
* [ Dynamic Tag Management ](04172014.md#section_80F6D89166164A5180A302C10352576C)

## Marketing Cloud Interface {#section_5AD81B0737C843AFB4BE9C4420D70EB3}

Updated: April 24, 2014
**Features** 

<table id="table_D95C0DC64F2A4B47BAC83E504CFD6825"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Feature </th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Create cards from help topics</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>After you enable the <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mcloud/oembed.html" format="http" scope="external"> Share to Adobe Marketing Cloud </a> feature in your browser's Bookmark toolbar, you can now share help pages from the microsite URL. </p> <p> <b>To share a help topic</b> </p> 
    <ol id="ol_F94B816121494B0FA16CC07B0E96AED8"> 
     <li id="li_F47187D4B5FE46D3A51D257DD569B4D6"> <p>In the <span class="keyword"> Marketing Cloud </span>, click <span class="uicontrol"> Tools </span>. </p> </li> 
     <li id="li_94EF58E7A4974B63951E14F72A710183"> <p>Drag the <span class="uicontrol"> Share to Adobe Marketing Cloud </span> button to your Bookmark toolbar. </p> </li> 
     <li id="li_69EEC4F25D8F4AD7AA106A10B7F50FF6"> <p>Navigate to a help page (or remain on this one), then click <span class="uicontrol"> Share to Adobe Marketing Cloud </span> in your browser's Bookmarks toolbar. </p> <p>This step creates a card, which you can view in the <span class="wintitle"> Marketing Cloud </span>. </p> </li> 
    </ol> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

Fixed the following issues:

* After adding a custom tag to an asset, no other metadata changes can be persisted.
* Users have to refresh the board to make the deleted cards disappear from view.
* When ** ` Remember me` ** is not selected during login, the user is logged out after 15 minutes
* ` Analytics` solution landing page shows formatting errors.
* Users must log out and log back in for all permission and entitlement changes to take effect.
* Deleting an image, ` Assets` does not warn if the image is used in ` Adobe Target Essentials`.
* Comments link on asset card view is not clickable.
* Options in combo boxes for adding new users temporarily disappear while typing.
* Logging in to the ` Marketing Cloud` takes longer than a second.
* Data shared from ` Media Optimizer` is misrepresented in the ` Marketing Cloud`.
* Adobe ` Media Optimizer` does not create users automatically when user has been created in the ` Marketing Cloud`.
* The ` Marketing Cloud` cannot be linked to ` Adobe Target`, if the ` Adobe Target` login can be used on multiple ` Target` servers.
* ` Marketing Cloud` interface can slow down when in parallel use by many users.
* ` Search&amp;Promote` linking is not available from the ` Organizations &amp; Product Access` page.
* ` Adobe Media Optimizer` simulation cards are not rendering correctly.
* Filters applied to trended reports from ` Analytics` are not applied to cards in ` Marketing Cloud`.
* Some Excel or CSV files cannot be uploaded to a board.
* Some PNG files cannot be rendered on a card.
* Some users may not be able to link their audience management account with their ` Marketing Cloud`.
* Some users may experience error when sharing ` Analytics` segments in the ` Marketing Cloud`.
* Some users may not be able to drill down to subfolders in ` Asset Selector`.
* Some users are not able to share AdLens gadgets in the ` Marketing Cloud`.

See [ Getting Started with Adobe Marketing Cloud ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mcloud/home.html) for product help. 

## Adobe Mobile Services 2.0 {#section_6349293559DE4FBDB2BF0514E1C01482}

Adobe Mobile Services bring together mobile marketing capabilities for mobile applications from across the ` Adobe Marketing Cloud`. Initially, the service provides seamless integration of app analytics and targeting capabilities from the ` Adobe Analytics` and ` Adobe Target` solutions. Learn more at [ Adobe Mobile services documentation ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mobile/). 
**Mobile Services 2.0 Features** 

<table id="table_711C57B0E5F547B690C4085ED908A749"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Feature </th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>App Acquisition Analytics</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> 
     <ignoretag> 
      <span class="uicontrol"> Mobile Services </span>  &gt; 
      <span class="uicontrol"> Aquisition Links </span>  &gt; 
      <span class="uicontrol"> Create New </span> 
     </ignoretag> </p> <p>You can create app store links that allow users to download applications directly from the Apple App Store and Google Play. The links you create enable you to attribute your success events to the downloads.</p> <p>In reports &amp; analytics, when you update to App Reporting 3.0 in 
     <ignoretag> 
      <span class="uicontrol"> Admin Tools </span>  &gt; 
      <span class="uicontrol"> Report Suites </span>  &gt; 
      <span class="uicontrol"> Mobile Management </span>  &gt; 
      <span class="uicontrol"> Mobile Application Reporting </span> 
     </ignoretag>, mobile acquisition tracking codes are put into the standard campaign Tracking Code variable. </p> <p>See <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mobile/?f=acquisition" format="http" scope="external"> App Acquisition Analytics </a> in Mobile Help. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Action-Based Pathing Reports</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>If you are sending in actions tracking, you can run path reports on view states and actions.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Audience Sunburst Visualization</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> 
     <ignoretag> 
      <span class="uicontrol"> Mobile Services </span>  &gt; 
      <span class="uicontrol"> Devices </span>  &gt; 
      <span class="uicontrol"> Device Types </span> 
     </ignoretag> </p> <p>A new visualization for your existing data that lets you discover audience segments for targeting. This visualization provides, for example, the base report along with breakdowns. The visualization uses height to show the metric in focus, and the performance differences between the metrics.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Sharing to the Marketing Cloud</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Mobile 2.0 supports the sharing of reports to <span class="keyword"> Marketing Cloud </span> cards. </p> <p>See <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mcloud/t_share_analytics_usecase.html" format="http" scope="external"> Sharing an Analytics Report to the Marketing Cloud </a>. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Lifetime Value Reporting</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Identify key in-app activities that increase the value of an app user, assign each activity a value, and then accumulate the total value over time. You can then measure and target based on a user's lifetime value.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Improved On-boarding</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> 
     <ignoretag> 
      <span class="uicontrol"> Mobile Services </span>  &gt; 
      <span class="uicontrol"> Custom Data Content </span> 
     </ignoretag> </p> <p>You no longer need to access the <span class="wintitle"> Admin Tools </span> interface to map props, eVars, and events to context data variables. </p> <p>On the <span class="wintitle"> Custom Data Content </span> page, you can perform these basic mappings. The mappings you configure here will call the same API used in <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/reference/processing_rules.html" format="http" scope="external"> processing rules </a>. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Mobile Services SDK for Mobile Apps</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> 
    <ul id="ul_FE2065C3679C453F85352D5950D1FA19"> 
     <li id="li_4334E4F91D58467C91D27E2C4A44A40B">App acquisition analytics</li> 
     <li id="li_B85FB29CB50D4DD6A2660D2EFFE0776A">Hit batching</li> 
     <li id="li_6A0B100105C74F30AF40C6ECEF141A3A">iBeacon support for iOS</li> 
     <li id="li_DCC3BEDF087942469333579012348171">Lifetime Value</li> 
    </ul> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

See [ Adobe Mobile Services ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mobile/) for product documentation. To see the release notes for previous releases, expand *Previous Release Notes* in the left pane. 
**Fixes** 

* Fixed an issue on the ` Custom Data Content` page that prevented recognition of administrative rights.
* Fixed an issue that prevented data from returning when applying ** ` City` ** in the ` Sticky Filter`.
* Improved percentage behavior in trended reports. Previously, percentage was based on the column total (total for that value for the whole time range). It is now based on the metric total for the row's time frame.
[ Top ](04172014.md#concept_8ABF3457CA104FB3926CF984A9642F69) 

## Data Connectors {#section_FFA1D17E376D475ABC73A41BB7591543}

New features for April 17, 2014

<table id="table_EB41B58525CA4A469631AE9FBF6B1929"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Feature </th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Upgraded JavaScript plugins.</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>The JavaScript plugins generated by data connectors integrations (including DoubleClick for Advertisers, Sizmek, Adform, Atlas, Pointroll and Facebook) have been upgraded. They are compatible with <span class="filepath"> AppMeasurement.js </span>, which is the new JavaScript library of <span class="keyword"> Adobe Analytics </span>. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

[ Top ](04172014.md#concept_8ABF3457CA104FB3926CF984A9642F69) 

## Dynamic Tag Management {#section_80F6D89166164A5180A302C10352576C}

Features and fixes for dynamic tag management:
**April 17, 2014** 

* Fixed an issue in which an error displayed when you delete data elements that were associated with rules that had already been deleted.
* Fixed an issue in which deleted data elements were still shown in the menu when you add a condition to a rule based on a data element.
* Fixed an issue where fields and values for Google Universal Analytics rules were showing as * ` modified` * in the Approval view, even if the rules had not been changed. This issue also occurred on new rules.
* Fixed an issue where the Google Universal Analytics tool configuration allowed you to configure the cookie timeout in milliseconds, even though Google Universal Analytics does not support this.
* Changed * ` AdLens` * to * ` Media Optimizer` *.
* Users can now use the % syntax to view the pop-up list of data elements when sending values to ` Media Optimizer`.
* Modified styling on tool lists to better accommodate tools with long names, and to improve readability.
**April 8, 2014** 

* Fixed the styling on the ` Forgot Password` page to improve appearance.
* Fixed an issue where approved/published rule conditions were being removed from production library upon deletion in staging.
* Fixed an issue where the ` Actions` menu on the ` Rule List` page was being cut off at the bottom, if there were less than three rules being displayed.
* Fixed alignment for the ** ` Create Data Element` ** button on the ` Data Elements` page.
* Fixed alignment for the ** ` Create New Schedule` ** button on the ` Scheduling` page.
* Fixed an issue where long rule names were breaking the ` Selective Publish` page.
* Fixed an issue where deleting ` Adobe Analytics` variable values would, in certain cases, result in a broken UI that required a page refresh to fix.
**April 3, 2014** 

<table id="table_4EBB9309D60144EF9BEE0B1CECB774A7"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Feature </th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Google Universal Analytics support.</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> Added native support for <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/dtm/google_universal_analytics.html#concept_224428EBB8E4466B93328EC5AE87FF04" format="dita" scope="local"> Google Universal Analytics </a>. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Upgrade from Google Analytics to Google Universal Analytics</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Integrated the Airlock JS library to perform automatic translation of all existing GA calls to Google Universal Analytics.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

Fixes

* Fixed an issue where clicks were not being tracked in certain scenarios when the ** ` Page code is already present` ** box was enabled in the ` Adobe Analytics` tool configuration.
* Fixed an issue where all approvables were being deployed in staging, rather than just the ones that were added or modified. This issue potentially resulted in delays to seeing staging updates.
* Fixed an issue where * ` linkTrackVars` * and * ` linkTrackEvents` * were being overwritten by rules, rather than appending to existing values (such as those set in ` s_code`).
* Fixed an issue where use of special characters (such as brackets) in data element names caused exceptions when you edited the data element.
* Fixed an issue where a lengthy shared secret for library download bundles caused exceptions (showed as a 500 Server Error).
* Fixed an issue where the * ` cookieLifetime` * variable was being emitted to the library with incorrect capitalization, causing the corresponding setting from the interface to be disregarded when the page was loaded.

>[!NOTE]
>
>Dynamic tag management releases weekly. See[ What's New in Dynamic Tag Management ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/dtm/whatsnew.html) for current and cumulative release notes, and documentation updates. 

[ Top ](04172014.md#concept_8ABF3457CA104FB3926CF984A9642F69) 
**Yahoo no longer providing search keywords** 
Yahoo recently made a change to remove keywords from natural searches. As a result of this change, some searches from Yahoo are not currently being identified, which is causing a drop in the number of Yahoo searches being reported.
On March 20, 2014, Adobe Analytics implemented a change to correctly identify searches from Yahoo. After this date you'll see the number of searches from Yahoo return to prior levels, and an increase in the instances of "keyword unavailable" on the Traffic Sources reports as a result of the removal of keywords by Yahoo. Additionally, Yahoo no longer provides market or locale information in the referrer, so entries such as "Yahoo! - Japan", "Yahoo! - Brazil", and so on will no longer appear and their traffic will be aggregated with the "Yahoo!" item in reports. See [ Keyword Unavailable in Traffic Sources reports ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/reference/#kb-analytics-keyword-unavailable) for more information. 
**Internet Explorer 8 Support in the Adobe Analytics web user interface** 
Internet Explorer 8 is no longer a supported web browser for users of the ` Adobe Analytics` web user interface. Taking this step allows Adobe to continue to add new functionality which relies upon modern web technologies and is not available in older browsers (such as IE 8 and earlier). This change does not impact the measurement of your IE 8 web users within ` Adobe Analytics`. Also, note that this change does not impact support for Firefox, Chrome, IE 9+, and other modern browsers. Adobe recommends installing one of these browsers for use with ` Adobe Analytics`. 
**Upcoming data feed column expansion** 
Adobe is currently evaluating an increase to the size of many data feed fields. Increasing the field size provides additional functionality in ` Adobe Analytics`. However, the larger fields could have an impact on customer ETL (extract, transform, load) processes that ingest data feed data. To prepare for this change, all customers should complete the changes explained in [ Data Feed Column Expansion ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/sc/clickstream/?f=datafeeds_whatsnew). Note that the column expansions that were previously scheduled for April 2014 have been postponed, and an announcement will be included in the release notes when these expansions are rescheduled. 

* [ New Features in Analytics ](04172014.md#section_226154B1441C478387C5C49FC0BF8CC7)
* Fixes: 
    * [ Marketing Reports &amp; Analytics ](04172014.md#section_9493BB6A60CB4ACDA4FFDA7F005EC31A)
    * [ Report Builder ](04172014.md#section_DCEDAE09A2DC4FFA8C6EEBA5D6EB58C8)
    * [ Ad Hoc Analysis ](04172014.md#section_642A2BA2BA994BB8B6E0DCD1FE3F66E9)
    * [ Data Workbench (Analytics Premium) ](04172014.md#section_7BF8920CB7884C71A5703C6F14AF5597)
    * [ Data Warehouse ](04172014.md#section_23F16B5749A341BE84BD7E23875416D5)
    * [ Clickstream Data Feeds ](04172014.md#section_B200909431004B2E86A45A829201C23C)
    * [ AppMeasurement and Mobile SDKs ](04172014.md#section_A3814753948D412EB94AEFEDFB2100D0)


## New Features in Analytics {#section_226154B1441C478387C5C49FC0BF8CC7}


<table id="table_91D1FD20C4C1411292252364328677AF"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Feature </th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> Adobe Analytics-enhanced reporting for Adobe Target </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>After enabling <span class="keyword"> Analytics </span>-enhanced reporting, <span class="keyword"> Target </span> customers can view two new reports in marketing reports &amp; analytics: </p> 
    <ul id="ul_767825C074174DA0BE441439A4798DF4"> 
     <li id="li_37D21978971C490DB99FD867EE174E49">Target &gt; Activities</li> 
     <li id="li_0627CD5925E04A36B9CC910FA9455E40">Target &gt; Experience</li> 
    </ul> <p>Also, you can view three new reports in data warehouse:</p> 
    <ul id="ul_6966E6A6D71147679038933B8A14932E"> 
     <li id="li_97B592A0B5BC446785370D712A856520">Target Activities</li> 
     <li id="li_522B3BBFDBBC45F7A9205D5BAF773EBC">Target Experiences</li> 
     <li id="li_B4FF1CDB96DC4893833AA8AA9631E867">Target Activity &gt; Experience</li> 
    </ul> <p>The raw <span class="keyword"> Target </span> action data field is also available in clickstream data feeds and data workbench. </p> <p>See <a href="04172014.xml#target" format="dita" scope="local"> Target </a> for details. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> <i>New Engagements</i> and <i>Marketing Channel Last Touch Instances</i> metrics in ad hoc analysis </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Two new metrics were added to ad hoc analysis to provide additional insights into marketing channel performance:</p> 
    <ul id="ul_AA80008845EB4F7C8B894BD7D1A6B676"> 
     <li id="li_C9F762E8D381441AA6FFB43AFF7AF6A2"> <b>New Engagements</b>: New engagements are counted when a first touch channel is set (an instance of a first touch channel). If a visitor is new or has had 30 days of inactivity, then a New Engagement is counted when they access your site. The period of inactivity can be configured in the Marketing Channel Manager. </li> 
     <li id="li_D5B4A63FCAED40CD918BDA47A169C20E"> <b>Marketing Channel Last Touch Instances</b>: When a last-touch marketing channel is set in the Marketing channels reports, an instance is counted. Instances are not counted unless the marketing channel is set. For example, Direct and Internal are often configured to not override a previously set channel, so if someone comes directly to the site after coming from <i>facebook.com</i>, no Last Touch Instance is counted. </li> 
    </ul> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> Renamed the <i>click-throughs</i> metric in ad hoc analysis </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> Renamed <i>Click-throughs</i> metric to <i>Campaign Click-throughs</i> to clarify what was represented by this metric. </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> Marketing Cloud Visitor ID </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>After you implement the Visitor ID service using a Marketing Cloud ID, data warehouse exposes the Marketing Cloud Visitor ID as a single breakdown column for reporting and segmenting. The column is called <span class="term"> Marketing Cloud Visitor ID </span> in the user interface. The Marketing Cloud Visitor ID is also available in clickstream data feeds and data workbench. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Enhanced Adobe Analytics data feed for data workbench</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Adobe Analytics will update and enhance the data feed that powers Data Workbench on April 21, 2014. This takes advantage of the Master Marketing Profile within the Adobe Marketing Cloud. All Data Workbench users are required to prepare their environment for this transition.</p> <p>See <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/insight/whatsnew/#Data_Feeds_Update_for_April_MR_2014" format="http" scope="external"> data workbench updates </a> for more details on updating. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>


## Marketing Reports & Analytics {#section_9493BB6A60CB4ACDA4FFDA7F005EC31A}

**Fixes** 
Fixes for the April 17, 2014 release:

* When applying a breakdown by a custom conversion variable, the search text was not clearing. This caused the graph to render incorrect data for the filtered breakdown report.
* When a next custom traffic flow report was sent via CSV scheduled delivery, the next flow items were removed from the delivered report.
* The key metrics report did not have weekends highlighted if you used a vertical bar chart (or a vertical stacked bar chart).
* Scheduled dashboard arrived with some empty reportlets. If you used the ** ` Send Now` ** option, they were sent correctly.
* When using the ** ` Compare Dates` ** feature and sorting by the ** ` Change` ** column, recalculations occur when moving between report pages that caused some of the line items to be re-ranked. A fix was made to reduce the likelihood of this occurring.
* Fixed an issue on the ` Hierarchy Report` with the ** ` View Current Data` ** setting enabled that caused the ** ` View Next Level` ** button to sometimes not appear.
* Fixed an issue that caused ClickMap page metrics to show zeros for total site Revenue and Page Participation metrics in some rare circumstances.
* Updated the social networks list so that the following domains are now recognized as social networks: *answers.yahoo.com*, *avforums.com*, *friendsreunited.co.uk*, *mumsnet.com*, *yelp.co.uk*.
* Fixed an issue on the ` Full Paths Report` where the same path was being listed twice with path metrics split between the two paths. These paths now report correctly as a single path.
* Fixed an issue that caused the forecast line to not appear in some rare circumstances on the ` Page Views Report`.
* Updated numeric classification breakdowns to correctly recognize report filters.
* Fixed an issue on yearly reports with the ** ` View Current Data` ** setting enabled. This issue caused the Page Views metric to report different totals between the ranked and trended view.
* Updated the ` Operating Systems Report` to separate Mac OS versions by release version. These OSs now report as *[major version].[minor version].[update]*, for example: *10.9.2*.
[ Top ](04172014.md#concept_8ABF3457CA104FB3926CF984A9642F69) 

## Report Builder {#section_DCEDAE09A2DC4FFA8C6EEBA5D6EB58C8}

No fixes for this release.
[ Top ](04172014.md#concept_8ABF3457CA104FB3926CF984A9642F69) 

## Ad Hoc Analysis Maintenance Release {#section_91E56F69267A439484CF45807489E1BE}

Fixes for the April 17, 2014 release:

* Fixed an issue that caused visit totals on the ` Return Visits Report` to display incorrect totals.
* Fixed an issue that caused the * ` does not contain` * filter to not filter some matching line items.
* Fixed an issue that caused segments based on Search Keywords - Natural to not return data.
* Fixed an issue that caused Fallout reports to not work correctly when eVar instances were added as an event to the fallout.
* Fixed an issue that caused list variables to display an incorrect classification when used with breakdowns.
* Fixed an issue where projects in a few instances would not load in ad hoc analysis.
* Fixed an issue occurring when a ` Next Custom Traffic Flow` report is sent via CSV as a scheduled delivery. In the issue, the child elements in the report did not appear and the report breakdowns did not display.

## Data Workbench {#section_7BF8920CB7884C71A5703C6F14AF5597}

Fixes for the April 17, 2014 release:
Adobe Analytics will update and enhance its data feed that powers Data Workbench to take advantage of the Master Marketing Profile within the Adobe Marketing Cloud. All Data Workbench users are required to prepare their environment for this transition by April 21, 2014.The master marketing profile was introduced to provide a complete view of customers across Adobe Analytics. This new service is available within the Adobe Marketing Cloud to drive further value across analytics tools to start establishing the foundation for these features within Analytics. The new Marketing Cloud visitor identifier will be added to the data feed, along with other enhancements and improvements to adapt to the new data feed and global visitor identifier.
See DWB updates for the updated Analytics data feed for additional information.
[ Top ](04172014.md#concept_8ABF3457CA104FB3926CF984A9642F69)

## Data Warehouse {#section_23F16B5749A341BE84BD7E23875416D5}

Fixes for the April 17, 2014 release:

* Added the Marketing Cloud Visitor ID as a single breakdown column for reporting and segmenting. The column is called * ` Marketing Cloud Visitor ID` * in the user interface.
* Fixed an issue that caused Referrer Type metrics, and segments that are based on Referrer Type, to not match reports &amp; analytics.
* Fixed an issue in visitor container segments that caused some visitors to not be correctly included when visits are processed out-of-order. This might occur when offline data is enabled in a mobile app and a hits from an earlier visit are sent in after subsequent visits have already been collected.
* Fixed an issue that caused some report requests to fail when they contained multiple referrer type breakdowns.
* Fixed an issue that caused the *contains one of* segment operator to not return data when applied to multi-valued dimensions (for example, list variables).
* Fixed an issue that caused negative decimal values in events to be rounded incorrectly. Reporting for these events now matches reports &amp; analytics.
* Fixed an issue that caused some large reports that have no metrics to not generate.
* Fixed an issue that caused invalid values to appear in reports when displaying participation on non-string values.
* Fixed an issue that caused dash characters in scheduled report names to be changed to an underscore. These reports now correctly contain dashes.

>[!NOTE]
>
>Data warehouse access from Version 14 will be removed in an upcoming release.[ Learn more ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/reference/?f=whatsnew_segments) 

[ Top ](04172014.md#concept_8ABF3457CA104FB3926CF984A9642F69) 

## Clickstream Data Feeds {#section_B200909431004B2E86A45A829201C23C}


>[!NOTE]
>
>**Important note for all customers using data feeds:** Over the coming months, Adobe is increasing the size of many data feed fields. These changes provide additional functionality in ` Adobe Analytics`. However, the larger fields could have an impact on customer ETL (extract, transform, load) processes that ingest data feed data. To prepare for this change, all customers should complete the changes explained in [ Data Feed Column Expansion ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/sc/clickstream/?f=datafeeds_whatsnew). 


* Marketing Cloud Visitor ID and ` Target` action columns are now available in data feeds. Marketing Cloud Visitor ID requires implementing the visitor ID service, and ` Target` action requires implementing the Adobe ` Analytics`-enhanced reporting for Adobe Target.
[ Top ](04172014.md#concept_8ABF3457CA104FB3926CF984A9642F69) 

## AppMeasurement and Mobile SDKs {#section_A3814753948D412EB94AEFEDFB2100D0}

**AppMeasurement for JavaScript** 
**1.3** 

* Support for the Marketing Cloud Visitor ID service.
** ` AppMeasurement` for Other Platforms** 
See [ AppMeasurement Release History ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/sc/appmeasurement/release/index.html) the following for a release history of ` AppMeasurement` on the following platforms: 

* JavaScript
* iOS
* Android
* Flash-Flex
* OSX
* Windows Phone, XBOX, Silverlight, and .NET
* BlackBerry
* Java
* PHP
* Symbian
[ Top ](04172014.md#concept_8ABF3457CA104FB3926CF984A9642F69) 
**New Features and Enhancements** 

<table id="table_3CA51E873E324FD4B7CF14190F127A77"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Feature </th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr valign="top"> 
   <td colname="col1"> Default campaign in Publisher </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Specify a default campaign for your report suite. When users create new posts in the <span class="wintitle"> Publisher </span> or <span class="wintitle"> Content Calendar </span>, the <span class="wintitle"> Campaign </span> option is pre-populated with the default campaign. This setting streamlines publishing and governance by ensuring that all of your content is tagged and trackable to conversion events, even if users forget to set a campaign during the publishing process. Users can change the campaign if other campaigns are available. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr valign="top"> 
   <td colname="col1"> Auto-shorten URLs </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Specify a default link shortener. The default link shortener is used to shorten all links in the post, unless users manually override the default shortener.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr valign="top"> 
   <td colname="col1"> Facebook moderation enhancements </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> <b>Private Messages:</b> Create a moderation feed that displays only private messages that have been posted to an owned Facebook page. </p> <p> <b>Audiences:</b>Create a moderation feed that displays only content that has been posted to an owned Facebook page from users in a specified Facebook audience. This feature helps large organizations moderate Facebook posts more efficiently using a targeted approach. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr valign="top"> 
   <td colname="col1"> <span class="wintitle"> Social Buzz </span> report enhancements </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> <b>New Filters:</b>Filter the <span class="wintitle"> Social Buzz </span> report by <span class="wintitle"> Followers </span> (Twitter only), <span class="wintitle"> Klout Score </span>, <span class="wintitle"> Language </span>, and <span class="wintitle"> Geography </span> (countries, regions, and cities). </p> <p> <b>Enhanced <span class="wintitle"> Posts by Geography </span> Reportlet: </b>A stacked-ranked chart now displays below the map. Click the map or chart to drill down into specific geographic regions. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr valign="top"> 
   <td colname="col1"> Publisher quick search </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Begin typing a property, group, or audience in the search box to streamline publishing content using the Publisher.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr valign="top"> 
   <td colname="col1"> Product notification system </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Keep up to date with the product notification system. This feature provides relevant and timely communications from Adobe within the Social product. Notifications can include information about product releases, maintenance windows, service disruptions, platform outages, and more. The product notification system provides more details as necessary.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

**Fixes** 
Fixes for the Social 3.2.2 release:

* Fixed an issue that prevented the search box on the ` Social Campaigns` report from working correctly.
* Fixed an issue that sometimes caused a campaign to display twice in the ` Social Campaigns` report.
* Fixed an issue that prevented the ` Social Buzz` report's ` Authors` reportlet populating VK data.
* Fixed an issue with the ` Post Performance` reportlet ( ` Marketing Overview` dashboard and ` Post Analytics` report) that caused the date timestamp on the pop-up for YouTube and LinkedIn posts to not display.
* In the ` Post Details` report's ` Comments` reportlet, clicking the name of a YouTube video's author now correctly links to that author's YouTube channel.
* YouTube video comments on the ` Post Details` report now display in reverse chronological order (most recent first) to match YouTube functionality.
* The number of comments now displays on the ` Post Details` report for LinkedIn posts.
* When users export a report to an Excel file, calls are made to various services (for example, YouTube and LinkedIn). If one of these services is unavailable, the export cannot process correctly. The following error message now displays: "The export failed to download due to a service for one of the platforms being unavailable. Please try again later."
* Clicking the property name on the ` Post Details` page now links to that property's ` Property Overview` page.
* Fixed an issue that caused the Like count for companies with global Facebook pages to be the same, regardless of country.
* Fixed an issue that prevented all posts from loading when refreshing posts in a moderation feed.
* Fixed an issue that prevented filtering a Direct Message moderation feed.
* Enhanced the error messaging in the ` Publisher` and ` Content Calendar` when multiple posts fail to publish.
* The ` Post Predictions` feature in the ` Publisher` now takes scheduled posts into account when recommending the optimal time to post content. If you have a post scheduled for posting at a certain time, Social will not recommend the same posting time for another post.
* Fixed an issue that sometimes caused posts to fail with an "undefined method 'parse_v3_params' for #" message.
* Fixed an issue that caused images in the ` Publisher` preview panel to not format correctly.
* Fixed an issue in the ` Publisher` that sometimes caused the wrong audience to display in the most-used list.
* Fixed an issue in ` Publisher` that caused the properties in the most-used list to display in the incorrect order. Properties now display in the order of usage, most-frequently used to less-frequently used.
* Fixed an issue that caused Facebook video titles with non-ASCII characters to be truncated and garbled after being published.
* Fixed an issue that caused published images to not be properly rotated on iPhones.
* Fixed an issue that prevented the property list from displaying correctly in the ` Publisher`.
* Fixed an issue that caused YouTube and Sina Wiebo properties to not display in the ` Select Social Properties` list on the ` Suspend Posts` page.
* Fixed an issue that prevented users from targeting a tweet to a specific country.
* Due to changes in the Twitter API, you can now target tweets by country only. You cannot target tweets by city and region.
* Social now displays a warning message if a user enters a link in a post and does not shorten it.
* Fixed an issue that prevented links in Tweets from referencing a campaign correctly.
* While creating a listening rule with a geo-related filter, such as ` Bounding Box`, an error message now displays if the user enters invalid criteria. This message displays if users use the ` Basic` or ` Builder` tab to create the rule.
* Fixed an issue that prevented users from deleting multiple listening rules.
* Fixed an issue that caused an error when users attempted to create a new listening rule.
* Fixed an issue that prevented a user from deleting a Facebook account if that user is the only admin linked to that page in Social.
* When users create a new user group, a green success message displays instead of the yellow warning message that incorrectly displayed in previous releases.
* While creating a new Facebook audience, double-clicking the ` Save` button no longer creates two audiences.
[ Top ](04172014.md#concept_8ABF3457CA104FB3926CF984A9642F69) 
**Target Advanced 3.10** 
Features for the April 17, 2014 release:

<table id="table_998D5974736C4AA58049B62813F4F4D6"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Features and Enhancements </th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Adobe Analytics-enhanced reporting for Adobe Target</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> <span class="keyword"> Adobe Analytics </span> customers can select <span class="keyword"> Analytics </span> as the default reporting source during the test set-up process. Selecting all success metrics or audiences you want to use to filter your results is no longer required. Within reporting, you can select any success metric or audience segment defined in <span class="keyword"> Analytics </span> and retroactively apply it to your reporting for extensive filtering and drill-down analysis of your optimization results. </p> <p> <p>Note:  To request access to this feature, visit <a href="http://www.adobe.com/go/audiences" format="http" scope="external"> http://www.adobe.com/go/audiences </a>. </p> </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Master marketing profile real-time audiences</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Leverage the master marketing profile that unifies visitor IDs and data into a single, actionable profile for use across solutions. The <span class="uicontrol"> Make Available to the Marketing Cloud </span> checkbox during the segment creation process in Adobe Analytics allows the segment to be available within the <span class="keyword"> Adobe Target's </span> custom audience library. A segment created in <span class="keyword"> Analytics </span> or audience management can be used to target visitors in <span class="keyword"> Target </span>. </p> <p> <p>Note:  To request access to this feature, visit <a href="http://www.adobe.com/go/audiences" format="http" scope="external"> http://www.adobe.com/go/audiences </a>. </p> </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> Extended mbox usage information time frame </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Previously, you could view the previous six months of mbox usage statistics. This limit has been increased to 13 months (the current month and the previous 12).</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

**Fixes** 
Fixes for the April 17, 2014 release:

* Fixed an issue that prevented ` Adobe Analytics` user names from being associated with ` Target`.
* Fixed an issue where an Exception Error dialog was incorrectly localized in Japanese.
**Target Standard 1.7** 
Features for the April 24, 2014 release:

<table id="table_11CD9EE0C9534FF19C9154784C4BFCF0"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Feature </th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> Adobe Analytics-enhanced reporting for Adobe Target </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> Adobe Analytics customers can select Analytics as the default reporting source during the test set-up process. Selecting all success metrics or audiences you want to use to filter your results is no longer required. Within reporting, you can select any success metric or audience segment defined in Analytics and retroactively apply it to your reporting for extensive filtering and drill-down analysis of your optimization results. <p> <p>Note:  To request access to this feature, visit <a href="http://www.adobe.com/go/audiences" format="http" scope="external"> http://www.adobe.com/go/audiences </a>. </p></p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> Master marketing profile real-time audiences </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Leverage the master marketing profile that unifies visitor IDs and data into a single, actionable profile for use across solutions. The <span class="uicontrol"> Make Available to the Marketing Cloud </span> checkbox during the segment creation process in Adobe Analytics allows the segment to be available within the <span class="keyword"> Adobe Target's </span> custom audience library. A segment created in <span class="keyword"> Analytics </span> or audience management can be used to target visitors in <span class="keyword"> Target </span>. </p> <p> <p>Note:  To request access to this feature, visit <a href="http://www.adobe.com/go/audiences" format="http" scope="external"> http://www.adobe.com/go/audiences </a>. </p> </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> Experience targeting activity type </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> Target different experiences to different audiences in one activity. <p> <p>Note:  This provides similar functionality to the Landing Page campaign in Target Classic. </p></p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> Multi-page testing </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Choose to run a test or targeted activity across a set of webpages. You can now deliver tests to every product page, or modify your global nav on every page of the site. Use a simple rule builder to specify what the group of pages should be.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

**Fixes** 
Fixes for the April 21, 2014 release:

* Fixed an issue that prevented ` target.js` from being compressed by Edge.
* Fixed an issue in reports that prevented the conversion count in the Activity row from displaying for A/B activities.
* Fixed an issue where a report no longer displayed after an experience with data was deleted.
* Created a workaround to automatically bypass a Chrome version 34 defect that prevented pages with mixed content from displaying. All versions of Chrome can now be used.
**Known Issues** 
This release includes the following known issues. This issue will be fixed in an upcoming update.

* Click tracking does not work on elements that have been rearranged using the Visual Experience Composer. Avoid setting up click tracking on rearranged elements until this is bug is fixed.
* A synchronization error occurs if Geo audiences are created in Target Standard when geolocation is disabled in Target Classic.
* Unable to swap an image when the image is referenced in CSS.
* If you swap an image, and then resize it, the experiences in the Experience Editor do not display correctly.
[ Top ](04172014.md#concept_8ABF3457CA104FB3926CF984A9642F69) 
**Search&amp;Promote 8.13.0** 

##  {#section_D28F5C0158D64702896CF29E3887E42A}

The following feature was released on April 9, 2014:


<table id="table_2FCDC7B584DB4A27BBD2110DCA4C57EA"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Feature </th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Dynamic Facets with full table match support</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p></p> <p>Some customers have many "SKU level" attributes that they want to select and display by way of Dynamic Facets. As such, you can now optionally associate each dynamic facet field with up to one table name in a static account configuration. Those table relationships can then be applied at search-time for any dynamic facet fields involved in the search.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

[ Top ](04172014.md#concept_8ABF3457CA104FB3926CF984A9642F69) 
**Fixes** 
Fixes for the April 9, 2014 release:

* Changed the data view description field to use the tag ` &lt;search-display-field&gt;` instead of the ` &lt;search-description&gt;`. 

* Added a feature into Index Connector to make the Primary Key the concatenation of two or more fields.

* Changed the AttributeLoader-Regen-Enabled script ` attributeloader-regen.pl` to not HTML-encode values. 

* Matched index-time and search-time whitespace treatment for "range search" queries.

* Adding a business rule sometimes resulted in an error when Dynamic Facets was enabled.

* A JavaScript error prevented adding or editing a definition in ** ` Settings` ** &gt; ** ` SPIN` ** &gt; ** ` IndexConnector` **. 

* After a business rule was saved it appeared that when the time was selected during the Business Rule creation it was defaulting to the GMT time zone. After it was saved it appeared that the Time Zone of the Account then took effect.

* The sorting of business rules in Stage was not working correctly.

* Search performance reporting was enhancement by giving you the ability to schedule reports for email delivery.

* Business rule fixed schedule was automatically changing to Daylight Saving Time.

* If a large number of Dynamic Facet fields were defined, users experienced slow core search response times.

* False range index errors were occurring.

* Scene7 access in non-North American datacenters was broken.

* The SPIN XPath validation function was returning a false-positive error.

* After a SPIN enable/disable operation, the user was redirected to the member center login page.

[ Top ](04172014.md#concept_8ABF3457CA104FB3926CF984A9642F69) 

* The Data Integration Library (DIL) has been updated (v4.9) to use the Adobe Marketing Cloud Visitor ID. You must use Visitor Service v1.2.1 or later.
* [ Audience management release notes ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/demdex/c_release_notes.html).
* Advertising management - Help for advertising management is available in the product at  ** ` Help` ** &gt; ** ` Help Contents` ** .
[ Top ](04172014.md#concept_8ABF3457CA104FB3926CF984A9642F69) 
For help and support, sign in to the [ Adobe Campaign Extranet ](https://support.neolane.net/doc/AC6.1/en/home.html). 
[ Top ](04172014.md#concept_8ABF3457CA104FB3926CF984A9642F69) 

* [ Adobe Experience Manager ](http://dev.day.com/docs/en/cq/current/release_notes/overview.html)
* [ Scene7 Publishing System Release Notes ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/s7/release_notes/index.html)
[ Top ](04172014.md#concept_8ABF3457CA104FB3926CF984A9642F69) 
