---
description: Marketing Cloud 14.6;Social 3.3.1;Analytics - Visitor ID Service CNAME support, conditional actions in processing rules, and more.
keywords: release notes
seo-description: Marketing Cloud 14.6;Social 3.3.1;Analytics - Visitor ID Service CNAME support, conditional actions in processing rules, and more.
seo-title: Release Notes - June 19 2014
solution: Experience Cloud,Release Notes
title: Release Notes - June 19 2014
uuid: 152a6398-0a91-43eb-a55f-a3b2c7071dda
index: n
internal: n
snippet: y
translate: y
---

# Release Notes - June 19 2014


>[!NOTE]
>
>To receive release notes one week prior to the monthly product update, subscribe to the[ Adobe Priority Product Update ](http://response.adobesystemsinc.com/content/customer-success-subscription). Release information in the Priority Product Update comes one week in advance of the release date. Please check back at release time for updates. 


**Release date:** June 19, 2014 

* [ Marketing Cloud and Shared Services ](06192014.md#marketingcloud)
* [ Analytics ](06192014.md#analytics)
* [ Social ](06192014.md#social)
* [ Target ](06192014.md#target)
* [ Media Optimizer ](06192014.md#mediaoptimizer)
* [ Campaign ](06192014.md#campaign)
* [ Experience Manager ](06192014.md#experiencemanager)

* [ Marketing Cloud Interface ](06192014.md#marketing_cloud_interface)
* [ Mobile Services 2.0 ](06192014.md#mobile)
* [ Data Connectors ](06192014.md#data_connectors)
* [ Dynamic Tag Management ](06192014.md#dtm)

## Marketing Cloud 14.6.1 {#marketing_cloud_interface}

New features, fixes, and known issues in the ` Adobe Marketing Cloud` collaboration and sharing interface. 
**Feature Improvement** 

<table id="table_4E4B34EEE3D94D78BA1A1FBC62950559"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Feature </th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> <span class="wintitle"> Save </span> button in Audience Library </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>When you <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mcloud/index.html?f=t_audience_create" format="http" scope="external"> create an audience </a>, the <span class="wintitle"> Save </span> button on the <span class="wintitle"> Create New Audience </span> page is now disabled until all the required fields are completed. 
     <!--MAC-19712 --></p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

**Known Issues** 
<!-- <p>Check https://issues.adobe.com/secure/Dashboard.jspa?selectPageId=14221</p> --> 
* Files deleted from ` Marketing Cloud` are not being deleted from ` Digital Asset Management`.
* Uploading files allows more file types than the drag-and-drop method. For best results, upload using Assets.
* The ` Search&amp;Promote` linking is not available from the ` Organizations &amp; Product Access` page.
* Filters applied to trended reports from ` Analytics` are not applied to cards in the ` Marketing Cloud`.
* Some users are not able to link their audience management account with their ` Marketing Cloud` account.
* You will be logged out after 15 minutes of inactivity. Also, logging out in one location will log you out of the ` Marketing Cloud`.
* Some PNG files cannot be rendered on a card.
* Marketing Cloud interface can slow down when in parallel use by many users
See [ Getting Started with Adobe Marketing Cloud ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mcloud/home.html) for product help. 
[ Top ](06192014.md#marketingcloud) 

## Adobe Mobile Services {#mobile}

No updates this release.
See [ Adobe Mobile Services ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mobile/) for product documentation. To see the release notes for previous releases, expand *Previous Release Notes* in the left pane. 
[ Top ](06192014.md#marketingcloud) 

## Data Connectors {#data_connectors}


<table id="table_EB41B58525CA4A469631AE9FBF6B1929"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Feature </th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Upgraded JavaScript plugin compatibility with AppMeasurememt</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>The data connectors JavaScript plugins for integrations available in production and beta are now compatible with AppMeasurement library.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

[ Top ](06192014.md#marketingcloud) 

## Dynamic Tag Management {#dtm}

See [ What's New in Dynamic Tag Management ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/dtm/whatsnew.html) for current and cumulative release notes, help, and documentation updates. 
[ Top ](06192014.md#marketingcloud) 

* [ New Features in Analytics ](06192014.md#features_analytics)
* [ New Features in Analytics Premium ](06192014.md#features_analytics_premium)
* Fixes: 
    * [ Marketing Reports &amp; Analytics ](06192014.md#fixes_reports_analytics)
    * [ Report Builder ](06192014.md#fixes_arb)
    * [ Ad Hoc Analysis ](06192014.md#fixes_ad_hoc)
    * [ Data Workbench (Analytics Premium) ](06192014.md#fixes_data_workbench)
    * [ Data Warehouse ](06192014.md#fixes_data_warehouse)
    * [ Clickstream Data Feeds ](06192014.md#clickstream)

* [ AppMeasurement and Mobile SDKs ](06192014.md#appmeasurement_sdk)
* [ Analytics Web Services (SOAP and REST APIs) ](06192014.md#analytics_web_svcs)

## New Features in Analytics {#features_analytics}


<table id="table_91D1FD20C4C1411292252364328677AF"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Feature </th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> Conditional actions in processing rules </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Any action taken in processing rules can now have its own condition, in addition to the overall condition that causes the rule to be triggered.</p> <p>This update lets you set multiple variables and events in a single rule, and group similar actions in a single rule. With this change, the number of variables and events that can be set will no longer be limited by the maximum number of processing rules.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> Visitor ID Service CNAME Support </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>The visitor ID service now supports existing <span class="keyword"> Analytics </span> CNAMEs and SSL certificates that were configured as part of a <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/whitepapers/first_party_cookies/" format="http" scope="external"> first-party cookie Implementation </a>. Companies collecting data from multiple domains in a single report suite will have better cross-domain visitor identification in some circumstances because of CNAME support. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> Visitor ID Service implementation grace period </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>When implementing the visitor ID service, companies that have multiple JavaScript files sending data to a single report suite can now request a configurable period to update all properties rather than updating them simultaneously.</p> <p>When this grace period is active, all new visitors continue to receive an <span class="keyword"> Analytics </span> ID instead of receiving only a shared <span class="keyword"> Marketing Cloud </span> ID. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> OS Types now available in clickstream data feeds </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Clickstream data feed customers that are currently receiving the <span class="codeph"> OS </span> column will automatically receive an additional lookup file for OS types starting June 19, 2014. </p> <p>OS Types roll up the items in the existing OS lookup into operating system types (Microsoft Windows, Apple Macintosh, UNIX, and so on) for simplified reporting.</p> <p type="important">Note:  If you are currently receiving the OS column, you must make sure your process is prepared to receive this additional lookup file before June 19, 2014. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> New Video Chapter reserved variable now available in report builder. </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Heartbeat video solution will use (reserved) variables to track chapters within a video playback as defined by ad/commercial breaks.</p> <p>eVar: Chapter ID</p> <p>Events: Chapter view, Chapter complete, Chapter time spent</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> New rules in data warehouse </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> Data warehouse now supports 'Event Exists' rules outside of Hit containers. </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> Nested containers in data warehouse </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> Data warehouse now supports containers of equal scope to be embedded directly within one another. </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>


## New Features in Analytics Premium {#features_analytics_premium}

In addition to the features listed in [ New Features in Analytics ](06192014.md#features_analytics), Analytics Premium provides these additional new features: 

<table id="table_37DB222470C84C3184D8E98E5D9B146D"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Feature </th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> Latitude and longitude support in Analytics live stream </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Latitude and longitude fields are now available in <span class="keyword"> Analytics </span> live stream, and are derived from the IP address. </p> <p>When graphing live stream data, customers can very easily plot activity on a map, rather than looking up the latitude and longitude value for a given City.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>


## Marketing Reports & Analytics {#fixes_reports_analytics}

**Fixes** 

* In the ` Pages Report`, the Compare Dates feature was not working properly with the Average Time Spent metric.
* There was a discrepancy between the on-screen version and downloadable version of the ** ` Mobile` ** &gt; ** ` Devices` ** report. The on-screen version displayed "Non-Mobile" for non-mobile devices, while the downloadable/scheduled version displayed "unspecified". The problem only appeared in the ` .pdf` and ` .csv` downloadable versions.
* Mobile reports did not display the Bounce Rate metric as one of the options in the list of metrics.
* Classifications of ` Marketing Channels` were listed twice (for ` First Touch` and for ` Last Touch`) in drop-down lists. This resulted in users being unable to distinguish between first and last touch reports.
* Customers were unable to edit alerts.
* After attempting to edit a report in ** ` Favorites` ** &gt; ** ` Targets` ** &gt; ** ` Manage Targets` ** and saving it, access to the report was denied.
* Formatting issues with reports in ` .csv` format.
* When attempting to add bookmarked reports from the ** ` Add Content` ** area of the ` Dashboard Layout` page, these bookmarks did not appear as available choices to add to the dashboard.
* When comparing two report suites with different report suite currencies, the numbers for the second report suite were not converted to the same currency as the first report suite.
* The date range for the whole dashboard was not consistent with the date ranges for the respective reportlets.
* After deleting a dashboard, its weekly scheduled report continued to deliver. The attempt to edit the schedule resulted in not being able to find it in the schedule manager.
* Changing the date range changed what variable values showed up in the ` Fallout Builder` interface.
* Wrong localized message under ** ` Admin Tools` ** &gt; ** ` User Management` **&gt; ** ` Manage Ad Hoc Analysis Users` **.
* Redirect error while linking to a report in Reports &amp; Analytics.
* Layout functionality for dashboards failed in Internet Explorer 9.
[ Top ](06192014.md#marketingcloud) 

## Report Builder {#fixes_arb}

**Fixes** 

* Report Builder v5.0 was not compatible with the concurrent use of web debugging tools such as Charles or Fiddler.
* A request with an empty segment parameter caused the corresponding scheduled task to fail.
* Percent metrics were shown as 100 times their values.
* The ** ` Hide unsubscribe in email` ** option was not working.
* Could not log in to Report Builder 5.0 using customer-provided Single Sign-On (SSO).
* Could not log in to Report Builder 5.0 using Marketing Cloud credentials.
* Site Metrics &gt; Site Metric did not support aggregated granularity - it does now.
* Some segment requests created in Report Builder 4.7 could not be edited in Report Builder 5.0, and new requests could not be created in the same workbook for that segment.
[ Top ](06192014.md#marketingcloud) 

## Ad Hoc Analysis {#fixes_ad_hoc}

**Fixes** 
**** 
* Fixed issue where some metrics returned 0's (zeroes).
* Fixed issue where the *Country* dimension when building a segment would not auto-fill the country name correctly and in some instances overwrite it.
* Fixed issue with Browser Height and Browser Width returning no data when running a scheduled report.
* Fixed issue for building segments using Mobile Device Types that identified them as "Unknown" and returned zeros in the report.
* Fixed error where a 302 error was thrown when generating a report.


## Data Workbench {#fixes_data_workbench}

Not updated.
See [ Data Workbench 6.2 updates ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/insight/whatsnew/?f=c_release_notes_insight_62) for the latest release information. 
[ Top ](06192014.md#marketingcloud) 

## Data Warehouse {#fixes_data_warehouse}

**Fixes** 

* When using the same segment in both reports &amp; analytics and data warehouse for the ` Entry Page Report`, the results were different.
* Data warehouse was not reporting ` Search Keywords - Paid`.
* Users were unable to see the variable Page URL from the data warehouse API.
* Segments with multiple nested Visit or Visitor containers were incompatible with data warehouse.
[ Top ](06192014.md#marketingcloud) 

## Clickstream Data Feeds {#clickstream}

**Fixes** 

* Fixed an issue that caused mobile events (7**) in the events lookup file to be incorrectly numbered.
[ Top ](06192014.md#marketingcloud) 

## AppMeasurement and Mobile SDKs {#appmeasurement_sdk}

**AppMeasurement for JavaScript** 
**1.3.2** 

* Fixed handling of done and waiting flags for Visitor API fields such as the legacy Analytics Visitor ID, that was causing errors.
* Support for new features in visitor ID service 1.3.
**JavaScript H code (Legacy)** 
**H.27.2** 

* Fixed handling of done and waiting flags for Visitor API fields such as the legacy Analytics Visitor ID, that was causing errors.
* Support for new features in visitor ID service 1.3.
**Marketing Cloud Visitor ID Service** 
**1.3** 

* Support for using existing ` Analytics` first-party data collection hostname (cname) for ` Marketing Cloud` Visitor ID Service. See [ New Features in Analytics ](06192014.md#features_analytics). 

** ` AppMeasurement` for Other Platforms** 
See [ AppMeasurement Release History ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/sc/appmeasurement/release/index.html) the following for a release history of ` AppMeasurement` on the following platforms: 

* JavaScript
* iOS
* Android
* Flash-Flex
* OSX
* Windows Phone, XBOX, Silverlight, and .NET
* BlackBerry
* Java
* PHP
* Symbian
[ Top ](06192014.md#marketingcloud) 

## Analytics Web Services (SOAP and REST APIs) {#analytics_web_svcs}

**Updates** 

* Added ` Segments.Get` and ` Segments.Delete` to version 1.4.
* Added ` ReportSuite.GetVideoSettings` and ` ReportSuite.SaveVideoSettings` to get and set video configuration for a report suite.
* ` ReportSuite.GetSettings` now returns video settings.
**Fixes and Enhancements** 
Enhancements and fixes in ` Social` 3.3.1 focus on improved performance, scalability, usability, and reliability. More than 400 back-end fixes and enhancements address these areas. The fixes highlighted below describe resolutions for the more important customer-reported issues. 

* Fixed an issue that caused display discrepancies for custom date ranges in the ` Marketing Overview` dashboard after a refresh. The dashboard adhered to the date range selected in the calendar, but the date range displayed under ` Custom Range` did not match. Both dates now match.
* Fixed an issue that caused "N/A" to display for ` Link Clicks` in the ` Post Analytics` roll-up view for posts that were created natively using Facebook.
* Fixed an issue that caused YouTube videos that do not contain the specified tag to display in the ` Post Analytics` report when filtering by ` Tags`.
* Fixed an issue that caused inconsistent time zones to be listed in the ` Post Analytics` and ` Post Details` reports.
* Fixed an issue that caused the downloaded ` Post Analytics` report to not respect selected filters for YouTube accounts.
* Fixed an issue that prevented the user time-zone offset from displaying properly on the ` View` page of the ` Post Details` report for YouTube videos.
* Changed the way ` Social` collects and reports ` Views` metrics so that the ` Post Details` report numbers match native YouTube numbers.
* Fixed an issue that caused inconsistent metric numbers to be listed in the ` Properties` report roll-up view and the ` Property Details` report for YouTube properties.
* Fixed a display issue that caused some dates to overlap in the ` Competitor Analytics` report.
* Fixed an issue that caused data for two competitor pages with the same name to be combined in one row in the ` Competitor Analytics` report.
* Enhanced the ` Social Campaigns` report to let users view the report in list-view mode.
* Fixed an issue that prevented users from downloading the ` Social Campaigns` report.
* Fixed an issue that caused ` New Page Like` metrics to be inconsistent in the ` Competitor Analytics` report and in the downloaded report.
* Fixed an issue that prevented the up/down change arrows from displaying in the ` Properties` report for Google+ pages and Twitter accounts.
* Fixed an issue that prevented engagement data from displaying in the ` Property Details` report's ` Post Performance` section.
* Fixed an issue that caused ` Social` to send a nil value for the ` Non-Employee Followers` metric in the ` Property Details` report for a LinkedIn page.
* Fixed an issue that prevented the link title from displaying while editing a post in the ` Content Calendar`.
* Fixed an issue that caused the ` Template` list in the ` Content Calendar` to load slowly.
* Enhanced the error message that displays in the ` Content Calendar` when a Facebook post fails due to content deemed unsafe or abusive.
* Fixed an issue that caused the ` Publisher` to ignore line breaks in post text.
* Fixed an issue in the ` Publisher` that prevented the image's thumbnail from displaying for a LinkedIn post even though the link to the image displays properly.
* You can now add thumbnails to Facebook videos from the ` Publisher` and ` Content Calendar`.
* Fixed an issue that caused posts containing images with shortened URLs to fail.
* Enhanced the link shortener feature to default to ctx.ly if an external link shortener fails. If ctx.ly fails, the post is published without the link being shortened.
* Enhanced the downloadable ` Moderation` report to include the time zone in the ` Action Time` and ` Content Time` column data.
* Fixed an issue that prevented ` View Details` from displaying information for Facebook private messages in a moderation feed.
* Enhanced the ` Moderation` feature to display hidden Facebook posts in feeds.
* Fixed an issue that prevented all posts from loading when refreshing a moderation feed.
* Added additional permissions to moderation group permissions, including ` Can Access and Use Unified Moderation Stats`, ` Can Edit Unified Moderation Settings`, and ` Can Use Unified Moderation`.
* Fixed an issue that caused listening rules with negative ` Bounding Box` values to not validate correctly.
* Fixed an issue that prevented users from deleting and then reactivating inactive listening rules.
* Enhanced the exported file for ` Users &amp; Groups` to show detailed permissions information.
* Fixed an image display issue when uploading images while configuring a Sina Weibo, YouTube, or LinkedIn account.
* Users can now add owned Facebook pages as competitors even if they are not part of the ownership group for those pages.
* Fixed an issue that prevented campaign data for Social tracking codes from being added to the classification upload file.
[ Top ](06192014.md#marketingcloud) 
**Target Premium (available June 25, 2014)** 
` Adobe Target Premium` simplifies implementation, improves usability, and automates optimization for greater revenue impact. 
` Target Premium` is a new ` Adobe Target` license that includes the following capabilities: 

* ` Adobe Target Standard` workflow plus ` Automated Personalization` capability (appears as " ` Adobe Target Premium`" in the ` Adobe Marketing Cloud`).
* ` Adobe Target Classic` workflow
* ` Adobe Recommendations` Recommendations functionality is currently scheduled to be added to the new ` Target` interface in an upcoming release. Until then, ` Recommendations` is available as a separate capability with its own user interface. 

* ` Mobile App Optimization`
Optionally, ` Target Premium` can be purchased with ` Adobe Search&amp;Promote` capability. 
If you have a ` Target Standard` or ` Target Premium` license, use the ` Target` card in the Adobe Marketing Cloud. 
This release of Target Premium includes the following:

<table id="table_7CE6C1678DC24E4F82425141185FECA2"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Feature </th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <span class="keyword"> Automated Personalization </span> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> <span class="keyword"> Automated Personalization </span> provides advanced machine learning algorithms to drive personalized experiences and improved conversion rates for digital experiences. </p> <p> <p>Note:  <span class="keyword"> Automated Personalization </span> is available through the Target Standard workflow as part of the <span class="keyword"> Target Premium </span> solution. It is not available without a <span class="keyword"> Target Premium </span> license. </p> </p> <p>Implement one file on your site and to enable the ability to point and click on any content and then visually create and select additional content options for that area. Then, the modeling system automatically determines which piece of content to deliver to each individual based on all behavioral data the system has about the visitor. This ability provides a personalized experience for each visitor. The marketer does not need to run a test, then analyze the results, then deliver a winner before realizing the lift found from optimization.</p> <p> <span class="keyword"> Automated Personalization </span> provides: </p> 
    <ul id="ul_785FC38E8BCB4C2ABC5254496BD4A113"> 
     <li id="li_7CC94E51315240039BA0F534BE7A89D8">Two machine-learning algorithms: 
      <ul id="ul_F909932FE69F45CBB83ADE1AA17C47E9"> 
       <li id="li_BB1CBCD3AA3545FEAB7A36D05CDD2EC7"> <span class="keyword"> Random Forest </span></li> 
       <li id="li_9370243FD8F74D95B9008885F3D019F1"> <span class="keyword"> Residual Variance Model </span></li> 
      </ul></li> 
     <li id="li_5A2FD9BB29734B83BBD2F2D2918AFFF8">Single line of code implementation with WYSIWYG content editing</li> 
     <li id="li_A7F4B06596F74E388CA3894E698E0A0B">Primary goal for the activity currently uses the Conversion metric. Revenue and engagement are available as additional metrics.</li> 
     <li id="li_60CE25CF8F0A4E6FB81836CDC2C1BDB2">Connection to the <span class="keyword"> Master Marketing Profile </span> for seamless collection of advance visitor behavioral data <p>For information about using the <span class="keyword"> Master Marketing Profile </span> with <span class="keyword"> Target </span>, see <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/target/mmp/c_mmp.html" format="http" scope="external"> Master Marketing Profile and Real-Time Audiences </a> in the <span class="keyword"> Adobe Target </span> Integration guide. </p></li> 
    </ul> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

**Adobe Target Standard (available June 25, 2014)** 

>[!NOTE]
>
>Some features in this release are available only as part of the ` Target Premium` solution. 



<table id="table_A2A978B157D54E17BD7366ADC04C8FC9"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Feature </th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <span class="keyword"> Automated Personalization (Target Premium) </span> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> <span class="keyword"> Automated Personalization </span> provides advanced machine learning algorithms to drive personalized experiences and improved conversion rates for digital experiences. </p> <p> <p>Note:  <span class="keyword"> Automated Personalization </span> is available as part of the <span class="keyword"> Target Premium </span> solution. It is not included with <span class="keyword"> Target Standard </span> without a <span class="keyword"> Target Premium </span> license. If you have a <span class="keyword"> Target Standard </span> or <span class="keyword"> Target Premium </span> license, use the <span class="keyword"> Target </span> card in the Adobe Marketing Cloud. </p> </p> <p>Implement one file on your site and to enable the ability to point and click on any content and then visually create and select additional content options for that area. Then, the modeling system automatically determines which piece of content to deliver to each individual based on all behavioral data the system has about the visitor. This ability provides a personalized experience for each visitor. The marketer does not need to run a test, then analyze the results, then deliver a winner before realizing the lift found from optimization.</p> <p> <span class="keyword"> Automated Personalization </span> provides: </p> 
    <ul id="ul_9EF654B10FFA46169EE2E033683BA82E"> 
     <li id="li_8D201BF8F37B4B2489D039A0340E065E">Two machine-learning algorithms: 
      <ul id="ul_E1DF69071C9047EEA692B5EF01176E4B"> 
       <li id="li_1F4ED87AB6D044C1BE04D0360F42D56F"> <span class="keyword"> Random Forest </span></li> 
       <li id="li_BE6388BA88684501B741713CECF5AE91"> <span class="keyword"> Residual Variance Model </span></li> 
      </ul></li> 
     <li id="li_36E18493A95B4C96BFA3133CDFD8826A">Single line of code implementation with WYSIWYG content editing</li> 
     <li id="li_79B1878FA64A40E88A973C57C39FC5FF">Primary goal for the activity currently uses the Conversion metric. Revenue and engagement are available as additional metrics.</li> 
     <li id="li_FE94A79767EF4534BD02B2AFD7E27E1B">Connection to the <span class="keyword"> Master Marketing Profile </span> for seamless collection of advance visitor behavioral data <p>For information about using the <span class="keyword"> Master Marketing Profile </span> with <span class="keyword"> Target </span>, see <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/target/mmp/c_mmp.html" format="http" scope="external"> Master Marketing Profile and Real-Time Audiences </a> in the <span class="keyword"> Adobe Target </span> Integration guide. </p></li> 
    </ul> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> Multiple activities on one page </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Content from multiple Target Standard activities can be delivered on one page from one <span class="keyword"> Target </span> server call. </p> <p> <p>Note:  This does not affect the Target Classic priorities evaluation. </p> </p> <p>To learn more about the Target priorities decision process, refer to the Target Standard help.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

**Fixes** 

* Fixed an issue where some shared audiences that have been deleted still show in the ` Audiences` list.
* Fixed an error where an unexpected ` Save` dialog box appeared in Internet Explorer 10.
* Fixed a synchronization error when saving a campaign.
* Fixed an issue where the audience for an experience was not shown on reports.
* Fixed an issue that prevented the metrics lists in ` Target` and ` Analytics` from matching.
* Fixed an issue that allowed users to specify their global mbox to be an mbox that is used to deliver HTML content by ` Target Standard`. Using the global mbox in that way negatively affects content delivery and ` Target Classic`'s ability to deliver multiple campaigns to a single page in a single request.
* Fixed an error that resulted in removed items continuing to be displayed.
**Target Classic (available June 24, 2014)** 
In this release, ` Target Advanced` has been renamed ` Target Classic`. The " ` Target Advanced`" card in the Adobe Marketing Cloud has changed to " ` Target--Classic Workflow`." 
**Fixes** 

* Fixed an issue where ` mboxDebug` made an insecure request.
* Fixed an issue that caused mbox names from one account to appear, but not function, in another account.
* Fixed a defect that caused an incorrect cookie to be set in sites with two characters in their top-level domain.
* Fixed an issue where ` Target` and ` Analytics` did not use the same list of DMAs.
* Fixed a defect that caused the list of Visitor Behavior profile parameters not to sort under certain conditions.
* Fixed an issue that caused recent data not to display in the ` Audit` report.
* Fixed an issue that affected the ability of an mbox to display in Internet Explorer 10 or 11 with default settings. When Document mode was set to Standards Mode, the offer code was not written to the page. The mbox call was made and the offer code was returned from the server, but it was not written to the page. Only some mboxes on some pages were affected.
** ` Recommendations`14.6 (June 23, 2014)** 
This release includes the following changes:

* ` Adobe Analytics` traffic classification at the product level is no longer supported.
* ` Recommendations` now supports * ` pageURL` * and * ` thumbnailURL` * variations of * ` pageUrl` * and * ` thumbnailUrl` *. Additionally * ` entity.categoryId` * is treated similarly to * ` entity.category` * in that it supports multiple values.
Key bug fixes in this release include the following:

* Fixed a problem that caused Recommendations feeds yo stop 6unning on June 4.
* Fixed issues with entity mapping in Recommendations and CSV uploads.
[ Top ](06192014.md#marketingcloud) 

## Search&Promote 8.15.0 {#section_D28F5C0158D64702896CF29E3887E42A}

**New features** 

<table id="table_034FE61AC1B0419D936DF925EAF482EF"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Feature </th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Phrase stemming</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> 
     <!--3662149 enabled in the support area: Multi-Synonyms-Endings-Enable. There are no customer-visible settings for it.-->Stemming of synonyms within a phrase is now supported. To enable and use this feature in <span class="keyword"> Adobe Search&amp;Promote </span>, contact your Adobe Technical Account Manager. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

**Fixes** 
* Speed improvements were made to the overall guided search performance.
* The ` Attribute` loader was throwing a 404 error. 

* If SPIN tried to generate a template that was too large, an alert was displayed.

* Updates were made to the Chinese, Korean, and Japanese morphological analyzer.

[ Top ](06192014.md#marketingcloud) 
Adobe Media Optimizer accurately predicts the impact of changes to your search, display, and social ads, then helps you manage and automate the campaigns, freeing resources for other high-impact initiatives.

* The Data Integration Library (DIL) has been updated (v4.9) to use the Adobe Marketing Cloud Visitor ID. You must use Visitor Service v1.2.1 or later.
* [ Audience management release notes ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/demdex/c_release_notes.html).
* Advertising management - Help for advertising management is available in the product at  ** ` Help` ** &gt; ** ` Help Contents` ** .
[ Top ](06192014.md#marketingcloud) 
` Adobe Campaign` provides an intuitive, automated way to deliver one-to-one messages across online and offline marketing channels. You can now anticipate what your clients want using experiences determined by their habits and preferences. 
For product documentation, see: [ Adobe Campaign Documentation ](https://support.neolane.net/doc/AC6.1/en/home.html). 
[ Top ](06192014.md#marketingcloud) 
` Adobe Experience Manager` is an enterprise web content management system that lets you author, manage, develop, and publish your web sites. 
For product documentation, see:

* Release notes: [ Adobe Experience Manager 6.0 Release Notes ](http://docs.adobe.com/content/docs/en/aem/6-0/release-notes.html)
* Help home: [ Adobe Experience Manager Help Home ](http://docs.adobe.com)
* Scene7 Publishing System: [ Scene7 Publishing System Release Notes ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/s7/release_notes/index.html)
[ Top ](06192014.md#marketingcloud) 
