---
description: Analytics maintenance releases, Target 3.4.
keywords: release notes
seo-description: Analytics maintenance releases, Target 3.4.
seo-title: Release Notes - June 20 2013
solution: Experience Cloud,Release Notes
title: Release Notes - June 20 2013
uuid: 6f28dfe4-357e-46ed-bd6a-dc98d1d11e07
index: n
internal: n
snippet: y
translate: y
---

# Release Notes - June 20 2013

Release date: **June 20 2013**
** `Adobe Analytics` ** 

* [SiteCatalyst 15.5 Maintenance Release](06202013.md#section_925D2E4C6BF7459EA69FC7F3219CDBB6)
* [SiteCatalyst 14.9 Maintenance Release](06202013.md#section_9E13EFA18B1A446E87299DE64B062129)
* [Discover 3.2 Maintenance Release](06202013.md#section_657454F058D645C69123910892DB3C5F)
* [DataWarehouse](06202013.md#section_178051456D0847FAA6BF6B0B3E453D6B)
* [Web Services API](06202013.md#section_4489FA0BB29747C0B7876E76DEC1551F)
* [AppMeasurement &amp; Mobile](06202013.md#section_D10E043093D1481C9944B2C7F9A62E7D)
* [ClickStream Data Feeds](06202013.md#section_C73194A4FA27446089C3368F02D4FCB1)
* [ReportBuilder 4.4 Maintenance Release](06202013.md#section_CCA68951DCF24D87949D51FFF30362CD)
* [Genesis 3.1 Maintenance Release](06202013.md#section_D15E5E6E2A90425FA0786DAE6FAF7BF9)
** `Adobe Target` ** 

* [Test&amp;Target 3.4](06202013.md#section_9EAD66BDC3994A34AD9F2B625B222ABD)
* [Recommendations](06202013.md#recommendations)
* [Search&amp;Promote](06202013.md#section_708A2B94F3DC4850A1BAEB907200007F)
** `Adobe Social` ** 

* [Social](06202013.md#section_ED22C68BC74F48D8B254167AF96C2D0D)
**Adobe `Experience Manager`** 

* [Adobe Experience Manager](http://dev.day.com/docs/en/cq/current/release_notes/overview.html)
* [Scene7](06202013.md#scene7)
**Adobe `Media Optimizer`** 

* [AudienceManager](06202013.md#section_27040D9B48D04B20A9A73B8E5CD58250)
* [AdLens](06202013.md#section_8B5779104F2340BE87B4007C9E87B28C)
* [SearchCenter](06202013.md#section_A874AA2D5F41487AA1E38F0C36B659C3)
** `Marketing Cloud` Services** 

* [Web Services API](05232013.md#section_4489FA0BB29747C0B7876E76DEC1551F)

## SiteCatalyst 15.5 Maintenance Release {#section_925D2E4C6BF7459EA69FC7F3219CDBB6}

The `SiteCatalyst` 15.5 release (06/20/2013) includes the following changes: 

<table id="table_7E78D85C82DA4333B88AF24854235F99"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry">Feature</th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry">Description</th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Site metric correlations from the breakdown menu</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>You can now view <span class="wintitle">Time Spent on Site</span> for traffic variables, and <span class="wintitle">Time Spent Per Visit</span> and <span class="wintitle">Time Prior to Event</span> for commerce variables and events from the breakdown menu in reports. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <!-- <row> <entry colname="col1"> <p>Mobile App Store Data Integration Coming Soon </p> </entry> <entry colname="col2"> <p>Provides automated, daily syncing of App Store metrics (downloads, revenue, rankings) and dimensions (app name, app store, app region) to Adobe Analytics using a Genesis data connector with <xref href="http://www.distimo.com/" format="http" scope="external">Distimo</xref>. Supported app stores include Apple, Google Play, Windows Phone, and many others. Existing Distimo customers can automatically backfill up to 180 days of data. </p> <p>This integration will be available soon in the Laboratory section of Genesis. </p> <p>See <xref href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/connectors/distimo/" scope="external">Adobe Genesis Integration for Distimo</xref>. </p> </entry> </row> --> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Adobe Analytics for iOS App Coming Soon</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Adobe Analytics for iOS provides mobile access to dashboards, bookmarked reports, and custom report generation with anomaly detection. Look for it soon in the Apple App Store.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

**Notices** 

* Internet Explorer 7 is no longer tested for compatibility with the `SiteCatalyst` UI. Data collection continues to work as expected for customers using Internet Explorer 7. 

* In October 2013, the `SiteCatalyst` 13.5 interface will no longer be accessible. All scheduled reports that were created in `SiteCatalyst` 13.5 must be migrated to a supported version before this date.
**Fixes** 

* When current data was enabled, revenue, orders, and other event reports were incorrectly duplicating values every other hour during the current day.
* Compare reports did not support more than one level of subrelations in a classification hierarchy. Compare reports now provides a comparison through each level.
* Conversion reports with hourly granularity were incorrectly showing that current data is available. This caused the value for the current hour to be displayed for all future hours of the report. The current data option is now correctly disabled for these reports.
* PDF downloads of text reportlets displayed an "HTML error on line 1: Malformed XHTML" error message.
* Some Excel reports were not emailed after clicking `Send`.
* In downloaded Excel reports, path length did not match the correct value that was displayed in `SiteCatalyst`.
* When viewing multiple report suites in different browsers or tabs as the same user, processing rules were saved to the last selected report suite by that user. Rules are now saved to the report suite that is selected in that tab or window.
* In the `Admin Console`, changing some variable settings across multiple report suites caused a "Report not Available at this Time" error. These changes are now saved correctly across the selected report suites.
See [SiteCatalyst 15 Help](https://microsite.omniture.com/t2/help/en_US/sc/user/index.html?f=c_whatsnew) for more information. 

## SiteCatalyst 14.9 Maintenance Release {#section_9E13EFA18B1A446E87299DE64B062129}

The `SiteCatalyst` 14.9 maintenance release (06/20/2013) includes the following change: 

* The `Keyword Unavailable ASI` segment definition was not displayed in `SiteCatalyst` 14.

## Discover 3.2 Maintenance Release {#section_657454F058D645C69123910892DB3C5F}

The Discover 3.2 maintenance release (06/20/2013) includes the following changes:

* Excel and CSV reports would not list filenames that began with M or any filename that followed alphabetically. This has been fixed.
* Titles on classification reports in `Discover` menus displayed their parent names instead of the proper subordinate classification titles. This feature now displays correctly.
* Custom events in reports not enabled were improperly appearing in the `Discover` menus, cluttering the menus and forcing them to scroll off the screen. These menus now display correctly.
* In scheduled Excel reports, some columns were compressed (usually columns A and B) and hidden from view when opened. These columns now expand correctly when opening the Excel table.

>[!NOTE] {type="attention"}
>
>Starting with the July maintenance release, Discover will be changing currency formats in custom events that will affect reports and segments in some cases. For example, Discover uses a penny (.01) as the baseline value, but starting next month, all currency will be based on the dollar (1.00). This is the same for all currencies.

In most cases, reports and segments previously built in Discover will remain unchanged. Most existing reports and segments in the new format will see no changes in values or functionality. The data values in the report will not change but the values in the segment rules will change for currency operations. For example, if you created a custom event that runs in segment with a 50 cent value, then it will be changed to a .50 dollar value and return the same values as it did previously.
When converting formats is not possible, an error will display in the Segment Builder stating that the variable is obsolete. See the [KB article](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/home/index.html#kb-dsc-important-changes-revenue-segment-logic) for additional information about rebuilding your segments if needed. 

## DataWarehouse {#section_178051456D0847FAA6BF6B0B3E453D6B}

The `DataWarehouse` maintenance release (06/20/2013) includes the following changes: 

| Feature |Description |
|---|---|
| eVar Participation Metrics |You can now request [Participation Metrics](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/sc/user/index.html?f=c_metrics_participation) in DataWarehouse reports. These metrics are displayed in the Metrics list under the Custom Insight heading.  |
| Reports now contain Numeric/Currency Events set outside of the products list |In [March 2013](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/whatsnew/index.html?f=c_03212013), implementation support was added Numeric/Currency Events set outside of the products list. These values can now be reported in DataWarehouse.  |


* Segments based on events 51-100 were not returning data. Existing segments that are based on events in this range must be re-created in `DataWarehouse`.
* When a DataWarehouse segment that contains Time Spent per Visit is displayed in Discover, it is displayed as Seconds Spent per Visit.

## Web Services API {#section_4489FA0BB29747C0B7876E76DEC1551F}

The `Web Services` maintenance release (06/20/2013) includes the following changes: 

<table id="table_EC686FB0C9E345B2B45093C44E4018D1"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry">Feature</th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry">Description</th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Real Time Reporting API</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>View orders, revenue, units, custom events, and instances with up to three correlated dimensions to create granular, real time dashboards with seconds of latency. See <a href="https://developer.omniture.com/en_US/documentation/sitecatalyst-reporting/c-real-time" format="https" scope="external">Real Time Reports</a>. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

Visit [developer.omniture.com](http://developer.omniture.com) to learn more about the Web Services API. 

## AppMeasurement & Mobile {#section_D10E043093D1481C9944B2C7F9A62E7D}

**AppMeasurement for JavaScript** 
Not updated in this maintenance release.
** `AppMeasurement` for Other Platforms** 
See [AppMeasurement Release History](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/sc/appmeasurement/release/index.html) the following for a release history of `AppMeasurement` on the following platforms: 

* JavaScript
* iOS
* Android
* Flash-Flex
* OSX
* Windows Phone, XBOX, Silverlight, and .NET
* BlackBerry
* Java
* PHP
* Symbian

## ClickStream Data Feeds {#section_C73194A4FA27446089C3368F02D4FCB1}

Not updated in this maintenance release.
See the [Clickstream Data Feeds](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/whitepapers/clickstream/index.html) help for the latest information. 

## ReportBuilder 4.4 Maintenance Release {#section_CCA68951DCF24D87949D51FFF30362CD}

The `ReportBuilder` 4.4 maintenance release (06/20/2013) includes the following changes: 
**New Features** 

<table id="table_53C4DC02518E4F4F952CCAF3D8361DCF"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry">Feature</th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry">Description</th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Select all available elements</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> 
     <!--111171-->On the <span class="wintitle">Adobe Report Builder - Select From List</span> panel, you can select all items from the <span class="wintitle">Available Elements</span> list. </p> <p>To select all items, click the first item, scroll to the end, then use <span class="uicontrol">Shift + click</span> on the last item. </p> <p>To deselect items:</p> <p> <b>Windows</b>: Control + click </p> <p> <b>Windows VM on Mac</b>: Control + Command keys </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Improved cell selection when clicking <span class="uicontrol">Finish</span></p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> 
     <!--114944--> If you click <span class="uicontrol">Finish</span> (in the <span class="wintitle">Pivot Layout</span>) before selecting a cell location, report builder now automatically finishes the request after prompting you to select the cell. </p> <p>Previously, you were returned to the <span class="wintitle">Request Wizard</span> and had to click <span class="uicontrol">Finish</span> again, after selecting the cell. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

**Fixes** 
Fixed an issue preventing variables to sort properly in the `Dimensions` tab, for classification reports. 

## Genesis 3.1 Maintenance Release {#section_D15E5E6E2A90425FA0786DAE6FAF7BF9}

The `Genesis` 3.1 maintenance release (06/20/2013) includes the following changes: 
**Fixes** 

* Fixed an issue preventing classification names to save successfully in `Data Settings` on the `Configure` tab.
* Fixed a character encoding issue in the `BrightEdge` integration, occurring on the `Review Summary` step in the `Name` parameter.
* Added a simplified integration wizard for `Qualtrics`.
* Fixed an issue in `Qualtrics` that prevented classification hierarchies from being created.
* Fixed an issue causing the `Calculated Metrics` section to not display in the `Data Setting` steps for `Email Marketing` integrations.
* **Dev Center**: Fixed a "bad source ID" error occurring when trying to save a processing rule.

## Test&Target 3.4 {#section_9EAD66BDC3994A34AD9F2B625B222ABD}

The `Test&amp;Target` 3.4 release (06/20/2013) includes the following changes: 
**New Features** 


| Feature |Description |
|---|---|
| Batch profile update |You can upload profile updates in bulk via API. |
| Reset campaign data |You can reset all report data for a selected campaign. |
| APIs |There have been several processing changes to improve performance and to prepare for future releases. No client changes are necessary. |
| Rebranding | `Test&amp;Target` has been rebranded as the major component of the integrated Adobe Target solution.  |

See [Welcome to Test&amp;Target](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/tnt/help/index.html?f=c_Welcome_to_TestnTarget). 
**Fixes** 

* Resolved an issue with localization in Campaign Reporting.
* Resolved an issue where `Test&amp;Target` campaign names were appearing as classification reports in the `SiteCatalyst` menu.
* Resolved an issue when moving copied offers to a folder.

## Recommendations {#recommendations}

Not updated in this release.
For the latest Recommendations documentation, see [What's New in `Recommendations`](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/rec/#Release Notes). 

## Search&Promote {#section_708A2B94F3DC4850A1BAEB907200007F}

Not updated in this release.
See [Search&amp;Promote Documentation Home](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/snp/index.html) for the latest `Adobe Search&amp;Promote` documentation. 

## Social {#section_ED22C68BC74F48D8B254167AF96C2D0D}

The `Social` 2.6 maintenance release (06/20/2013) includes back-end bug fixes to improve performance and stability. 
See [Social Help](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/social/index.html?f=home.html) for the latest documentation. 

## Scene7 {#scene7}

For the latest `Scene7` release information, [Scene7 Publishing System Release Notes](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/s7/release_notes/index.html). 

## AudienceManager {#section_27040D9B48D04B20A9A73B8E5CD58250}

Not updated in this release.
See  https://microsite.omniture.com/t2/help/en_US/home/index.html#AudienceManager  for the latest information. 

## AdLens {#section_8B5779104F2340BE87B4007C9E87B28C}

In `AdLens`, click ** `Help` ** &gt; ** `Help Contents` ** for the latest information. 

## SearchCenter {#section_A874AA2D5F41487AA1E38F0C36B659C3}

Not updated in this release.
See [SearchCenter Help](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/scm/index.html?f=c_Release_Notes) for the latest information. 
