---
description: Mobile Services: New menus, overview reports, and context mapping for purchase variables;Dynamic tag management: audit log for administrators. Analytics: Apply segments to Anomaly Detection reports, create segments from fallout reports in marketing reports & analytics. General bug fixes.
keywords: release notes
seo-description: Mobile Services: New menus, overview reports, and context mapping for purchase variables;Dynamic tag management: audit log for administrators. Analytics: Apply segments to Anomaly Detection reports, create segments from fallout reports in marketing reports & analytics. General bug fixes.
seo-title: Release Notes - July 17 2014
solution: Experience Cloud,Release Notes
title: Release Notes - July 17 2014
uuid: 0d4b5885-bb6e-4bfe-9540-8189dbe8fa49
index: n
internal: n
snippet: y
translate: y
---

# Release Notes - July 17 2014


>[!NOTE]
>
>To receive release notes one week prior to the monthly product update, subscribe to the[ Adobe Priority Product Update ](http://response.adobesystemsinc.com/content/customer-success-subscription). Release information in the Priority Product Update comes one week in advance of the release date. Please check back at release time for updates. 


Latest Update: **September 18, 2014** ( [ Analytics ](07172014.md#analytics)) 
Release date: July 17, 2014

* [ Marketing Cloud and Shared Services ](07172014.md#marketingcloud)
* [ Analytics ](07172014.md#analytics)
* [ Social ](07172014.md#social)
* [ Media Optimizer ](07172014.md#mediaoptimizer)
* [ Campaign ](07172014.md#campaign)
* [ Experience Manager ](07172014.md#experiencemanager)

* [ Marketing Cloud Interface ](07172014.md#marketing_cloud_interface)
* [ Mobile Services 2.0 ](07172014.md#mobile)
* [ Data Connectors ](07172014.md#data_connectors)
* [ Dynamic Tag Management ](07172014.md#dtm)

## Marketing Cloud 14.7.1 {#marketing_cloud_interface}

New features, known issues, and fixes in the ` Adobe Marketing Cloud` collaboration and sharing interface. 
<!-- <p>Planned release: <b>July 22, 2014</b></p> -->
 <!-- <table id="table_AEBC2D828F014D0C8FCDD05A61C1467F"> 
 <tgroup cols="2"> 
  <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1" colwidth="1.00*" /> 
  <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2" colwidth="2.37*" /> 
  <thead> 
   <tr> 
    <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Feature </th> 
    <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
   </tr> 
  </thead> 
  <tbody> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> <p>Schema page</p> </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p> Users are now able to see the schema page based on the header page of file in <span class="wintitle"> Customer Record Service </span>. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
  </tbody> 
 </tgroup> 
</table> --> **Known Issues** 

* Files deleted from ` Marketing Cloud` are not being deleted from ` Digital Asset Management`.
* Some ` Exchange` users may find their names in the comments to be a long string ID instead of the friendly name.
* Some ` .png` files cannot be rendered on a card.
* Uploading files allows more file types than the drag-and-drop method. For best results, upload using ` Assets`.
* The ` Search&amp;Promote` linking is not available from the ` Organizations &amp; Product Access` page.
* ` Exchange` users must clear their cookies to improve their experience.
* ` Marketing Cloud` interface can slow down when in parallel use by many users.
* You will be logged out after 15 minutes of inactivity. Also, logging out in one location will log you out of the ` Marketing Cloud`.
* Some users may not be able to link their audience management accounts to ` Marketing Cloud`.
* ` Exchange` users can only see English in language selector.
See [ Getting Started with Adobe Marketing Cloud ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mcloud/home.html) for product help. 
[ Top ](07172014.md#marketingcloud) 

## Adobe Mobile Services {#mobile}

New features and fixes for July 17, 2014 primarily include menu streamlining and the combining of various reports into ` Overview` reports. The new ` Standard Variables and Metrics` page is available for mapping in ` Custom Data Content`. 

<table id="table_E0ECEC7652EE416C8D10A1AD43F42D91"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Feature </th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>New <span class="term"> All Apps </span> menu </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>The <span class="wintitle"> App Selector </span> menu now has an item called <span class="term"> All Apps </span>. The selector also lets you type to easily search for applications. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>New <span class="term"> Manage App Settings </span> menu. </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>The <span class="term"> Settings </span> menu is now called <span class="term"> Manage App Settings </span>. It has been reorganized and streamlined, along with <span class="term"> Usage </span>, <span class="term"> Acquisition </span>, and <span class="term"> Location </span> submenus. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> <span class="wintitle"> All Apps Overview </span> </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>When you click <span class="wintitle"> All Apps </span>, the menu options are: </p> 
    <ul id="ul_6FCE862809FD4588BF4E76E737CB39CD"> 
     <li id="li_734E73BCB35E422CAE60BB76E704B76A"> <b>Overview</b>: Displays a report for key metrics for each your apps. This <span class="wintitle"> Overview </span> report is one of several new <span class="wintitle"> Overview </span> reports available in this release. </li> 
     <li id="li_98DA62E985D742F8B399052DE3F8551E"> <b>Manage Apps</b>: Displays the <span class="keyword"> Manage Apps </span> page. </li> 
     <li id="li_2566215950994D39BEF1E108C137F5F4"> <b>Manage <span class="keyword"> Target </span> Activities</b>: Lets you log into your <span class="keyword"> Target </span> account and create <span class="keyword"> Adobe Target </span> activities. </li> 
    </ul> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Overview reports</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>In addition to menu streamlining and organization changes, many reports have been combined into <span class="wintitle"> Overview </span> reports. </p> <p>For example, reports for countries, regions, and cities have been combined into a <span class="uicontrol"> Location </span> &gt; <span class="uicontrol"> Overview </span> report, which displays a sunburst visualization and breakdowns for Countries, Regions, and so on. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Changes to <span class="wintitle"> App Information </span></p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>The <span class="wintitle"> App Information </span> page previously in <span class="uicontrol"> Settings </span> &gt; <span class="uicontrol"> About </span> <span class="term"> &lt;app name&gt; </span> is now in accessed by clicking <span class="uicontrol"> Manage App Settings </span> in your appp. </p> <p>Child pages in your app are now accessible from the top of the <span class="wintitle"> App Information </span> page. These pages have been renamed as follows: </p> 
    <ul id="ul_031BD0774D9549C9BF88EB4C79CFFD28"> 
     <li id="li_295FEFCB7E6A43C5B468006D814CD557"> <span class="term"> Custom Data Content </span> is now <span class="term"> Manage Variables &amp; Metrics </span>. (New feature. See <span class="term"> Standard Variables &amp; Metrics </span> below for more information.) </li> 
     <li id="li_6BC16DEA518843209A9CCEFBFA797283"> <span class="term"> Acquisition Links </span> is now <span class="term"> Manage Acquisition Links </span>. </li> 
     <li id="li_C43745C7BE6543F6BCAEF10E593F8EFD"> <span class="term"> Points of Interest </span> is now <span class="term"> Mange Points of Interest </span>. </li> 
    </ul> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> <span class="uicontrol"> Manage App Settings </span> &gt; <span class="uicontrol"> Manage Variables &amp; Metrics </span></p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>The former <span class="term"> Custom Data Content </span> page (now called <span class="term"> Manage Variables &amp; Metrics </span>) has been expanded to include three tabs for context data mapping: </p> 
    <ul id="ul_BD63E571B6504FF186B3EDA3F9D8D6B2"> 
     <li id="li_8D54AC3CD44B4938998C82BB84360505"> <span class="uicontrol"> Standard Variables &amp; Metrics </span>: (<b>New</b>) Lets you specify context data mapping for standard purchase variables and metrics (shopping cart and purchase activities). You can also enable or disable whether the variables and metrics are visible in <span class="keyword"> Mobile Services </span>. </li> 
     <li id="li_3E2F8598EAAB468C8B600F662BFA4FC2"> <span class="uicontrol"> Custom Variables </span>: Lets you map <span class="keyword"> Analytics </span> properties to a text value, and the context data variable that you would like mapped. (Not new functionality.) </li> 
     <li id="li_AD2C68C21C654DDE8F6837511D0B3964"> <span class="uicontrol"> Custom Metrics </span>: Lets you select the context data metric event that you would like mapped. (Now new functionality.) </li> 
    </ul> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> <span class="uicontrol"> Usage </span> &gt; <span class="uicontrol"> Action Paths </span></p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>The ranked <span class="wintitle"> Actions </span> report now displays pathing information. (Click <span class="uicontrol"> Customize </span> to display a ranked report.) </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Language support</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>French, Chinese, German, Korean, Spanish, and Portuguese are now supported.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

See [ Adobe Mobile Services ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mobile/) for product documentation. To see the release notes for previous releases, expand *Previous Release Notes* in the left pane. 
**Improvements and Fixes** 

* When you create a report suite, the company prefix is now displayed automatically on in the ** ` Report Suite ID` ** field. This improvement removes the need for you to enter the ID, and reduces the potential of having double prefixes added to report suites.
* You can now copy acquisition links on iOS devices.
* Bulk uploading is no longer supported on Safari 5 and IE 9 and older.
* Added the option to cancel actions to most settings pages.
* Renamed * ` Location Map` * report to * ` Map` *.
* * ` Zip Code` * is no longer shown by default in the menu, and is no longer shown as a map when you run through ` Customize` panel.
* Made the details labels more clear (More Details | Fewer Details).
* Improved the appearance of reports when using the browser's print functions.
* Improved compatibility with password managers.
* Show * ` modified` * or * ` created by` * information on the ` Acquisition Links` page.
* Improved messaging when switching to an app that does not support the current report.
* Fixed a JavaScript error on the ` Custom Data Content` page.
* Fixed "undefined" being briefly shown on page titles when the page was loading.
* Fixed an error when part of a multi-ranked report has no data.
* Fixed validation messages and interface cleanup on the ` Points of Interest` page.
* Fixed an error occurring when saving custom data content.
* Fixed a freeze issue in Firefox occurring on the ` Points of Interest` page.
* Fixed an issue that was preventing the correct currency symbol from being used on the ` All Apps` overview.
* Fixed an issue occurring in the total for the Instances metric on ranked reports.
* Fixed improper pop-up occurring when canceling from the ` Manage App Settings` page.
* Fixed an issue occurring when switching from pathing to ranked reports in the ` Customize` panel.
* Fixed a bug on the Delete Selected button on the ` Manage Apps` page.
* Fixed key metrics not being saved properly.
[ Top ](07172014.md#marketingcloud) 

## Data Connectors {#data_connectors}

**Fixes** 

* Fixed an issue that caused duplicate segment rules to be created when editing an integration configuration.
* Fixed an issue that prevented you from adding custom segments to Email Marketing integrations in Data Connectors.
[ Top ](07172014.md#marketingcloud) 

## Dynamic Tag Management {#dtm}

Features and fixes for dynamic tag management.
**July 24 2014** 

<table id="table_72AEAD70FA57480A9AB73178A01C81D9"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Feature </th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> <span class="keyword"> Adobe Analytics </span> account and report suite synchronization. </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Report suites are automatically synchronized via a <span class="keyword"> Marketing Cloud </span> login or Web Services ID. </p> <p>Once the accounts are connected, dynamic tag management pulls the <span class="keyword"> Adobe Analytics </span> report suite IDs and names into the tool configuration interface, allowing for increased speed in tool deployment with less possibility for user errors. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Adobe managed measurement library option.</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>You can let dynamic tag management loads and manage the base library directly. You no longer need to cut and paste library code from the <span class="keyword"> Adobe Analytics </span> administration tools. This feature also makes upgrades to new versions of <span class="keyword"> AppMeasurement </span> easier, because the base code and custom code are stored separately. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Custom Code timing.</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>You can now select whether you want the code in the <span class="keyword"> Adobe Analytics </span> code panel to fire before or after the interface settings for more implementation flexibility. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Interface improvements.</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>The groups ( <span class="wintitle"> General </span>, <span class="wintitle"> Library Management </span>, and so on) on the <span class="wintitle"> Tools </span> page for Adobe Analytics has been reorganized and streamlined to simplify configuration. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

See [ Adobe Analytics Settings ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/dtm/analytics_dtm.html) in Dynamic Tag Management help. 
**July 10 2014** 
Features and fixes planned for July 10, 2014:

<table id="table_3407164F92994CC6B61C53AC3CE34362"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Feature </th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Audit Log for Administrator</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> 
     <!--https://issues.adobe.com/browse/DTM-4124-->Click <span class="uicontrol"> Log </span> in the left-hand rail to view the <span class="wintitle"> Audit Log </span> page. </p> <p>Company administrators can view, filter, and export a list of all activities that take place within companies and web properties to which they have access. This feature is helpful both for auditing and troubleshooting purposes.</p> <p>For example, you can view and filter by:</p> 
    <ul id="ul_0A061552FD114DB9AC37768F7BF15379"> 
     <li id="li_73BE05A762874D698297471414A184AC">Successful logins</li> 
     <li id="li_4C56B6A981D04BD8A74E3324C3FBCE16">Account names</li> 
     <li id="li_4E400DB82FD94039AAC29A4862586421">IP addresses</li> 
     <li id="li_B102DDE78BB844F1B8E73B84DD34F082">Companies</li> 
     <li id="li_68D7E01FF4984ABFBCA082A1A274190C">Web Properties (and see who created them and when)</li> 
     <li id="li_0D9890DBCA1D4E8EAE960D98E099D0F7">Roles, and more.</li> 
    </ul> <p>You can also export the log data to <span class="filepath"> .csv </span>. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Language Selector</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> 
     <!--https://issues.adobe.com/browse/DTM-4150-->Dynamic tag management is now available in the same languages (English, French, Spanish, German, Korean, Portuguese, Japanese, Traditional Chinese, and Simplified Chinese) as the rest of the <span class="keyword"> Marketing Cloud </span>. </p> <p>In <span class="wintitle"> Account Settings </span>, click the <span class="uicontrol"> Languages </span> menu to specify the language. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Synchronous loading of the <span class="keyword"> Adobe Target </span> tool. </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> 
    <!--<p>https://issues.adobe.com/browse/DTM-3949</p>--> <p>To enable this feature:</p> 
    <ol id="ol_744EDD6EB086483E94D38C3668DD51BD"> 
     <li id="li_839766A434044B81BBE7393DD8596AC6">Navigate to the <span class="wintitle"> Target </span> tool configuration page. </li> 
     <li id="li_329369BDD8E945EEB5147A4FF4E5F739">Enable <span class="uicontrol"> Load Adobe Target Library synchronously </span>. </li> 
    </ol> <p>Note:  This value is enabled by default for new instances of the <span class="keyword"> Adobe Target </span> tool, and disabled by default for existing instances of the tool. </p> <p>Existing instances of the <span class="keyword"> Adobe Target </span> tool will continue to load asynchronously until you change the setting to <span class="term"> synchronous </span>. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

**Fixes** 

* Fixed an issue where disabling and then enabling a property caused the items in the approvals queue to be automatically published by the system when the property was re-enabled.
* Added a message to the ` Embed` tab for company administrators. This message is a reminder that no code is published to the production environment until someone explicitly clicks ** ` Publish` **. This fix was done to help avoid confusion by some users who were seeing * ` 404 Not Found` * errors on the production library, because they had not yet published.
* Fixed an issue where duplicate registrations were possible for the same user using a differing case. (For example, ` user@DOMAIN.com` vs ` user@domain.com`).
* Fixed an ` Adobe Analytics` issue that prevented you from re-adding or editing an * ` eVar` * or * ` prop` * value after deleting that specific variable or property.
* Fixed an issue where rejecting an approved or published tool, and then updating that tool, did not cause a new entry to be generated in the approvals queue.
* Fixed an issue where the ` Adobe Analytics` tool configuration options for * ` Always Track` * and * ` Never Track` * did not emit the correct values to the library and therefore did not have any effect on data collection.
* Fixed an issue where entering invalid regular expressions caused a broken interface and required you to reload the page.
* Google Analytics event tag: Fixed an issue where a * ` Fill in all fields` * error appeared on a rule, but you were unable to save the rule or make any additional edits and was required to reload the page.
Dynamic tag management releases weekly. See [ What's New in Dynamic Tag Management ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/dtm/whatsnew.html) for current and cumulative release notes, help, and documentation updates. 
[ Top ](07172014.md#marketingcloud) 

* [ New Features in Analytics ](07172014.md#features_analytics)
* Fixes: 
    * [ Marketing Reports &amp; Analytics ](07172014.md#fixes_reports_analytics)
    * [ Report Builder ](07172014.md#fixes_arb)
    * [ Ad Hoc Analysis ](07172014.md#fixes_ad_hoc)
    * [ Data Workbench (Analytics Premium) ](07172014.md#fixes_data_workbench)
    * [ Clickstream Data Feeds ](07172014.md#clickstream)

* [ AppMeasurement and Mobile SDKs ](07172014.md#appmeasurement_sdk)

## New Features in Analytics {#features_analytics}


<table id="table_91D1FD20C4C1411292252364328677AF"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Feature </th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> Processing rules now support "does not equal" </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>You can now trigger actions in processing rules using a "does not equal" operator.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> Change to login process </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Instead of locking users out after a number of unsuccessful attempts, the login process starts taking longer to try the password for each attempt. The 5th attempt takes 15 seconds and that number doubles with each failed try until a maximum wait time of 120 seconds.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> Ability to apply segments to Anomaly Detection reports </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Added the new segment selector rail to Anomaly Detection. This means that segments can now be applied to Anomaly Detection reports.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> Marketing Reports &amp; Analytics: Ability to create segments from fallout reports </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> Added a <span class="term"> Create Segment From Path </span> link in the <span class="wintitle"> Fallout </span> reports that goes to the <span class="wintitle"> Segment Builder </span>. Clicking the link results in an auto-created sequenced segment definition that uses the checkpoints from the Fallout report. </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

**Virtual Focus Group Report** 
In an upcoming release, the Virtual Focus group report will be removed from ad hoc analysis.

## New Features in Analytics Premium {#features_analytics_premium}

In addition to the features listed in [ New Features in Analytics ](07172014.md#features_analytics), Analytics Premium provides these additional new features in the release of Data Workbench 6.2.1: 

<table id="table_E28A6D31E7D941F7A0C2048F0F0F7838"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry"> New Features </th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr valign="top"> 
   <td colname="col1"> Vertical Scroll Bars in Text and Wrapping Text features. </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> Text and Wrapping Text boxes now have vertical scroll bars. </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr valign="top"> 
   <td colname="col1" valign="top"> Sorting Thumbnails on the worktop </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> Names sorted on the worktop are now insensitive to the case of the character, sorting alphabetically ABCcDd instead of ABCDcd . </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr valign="top"> 
   <td colname="col1"> Searching dimensions based on the parent dimension. </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>In the Finders panel, you can now right-click on the Dimensions tab and click select Dimension Type &gt; By Parent. A list of top-level countable dimensions will display. When you select one of these parent dimensions, a list of its subordinate dimensions will appear in the search results.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr valign="top"> 
   <td colname="col1"> Dialog asking to open an external application. </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>You will now be presented with a dialog box the first time you open an external application in Data Workbench. For example, the first time you open a text file using Notepad.</p> <p>This will also create a local file called <span class="filepath"> InsightSES.dat </span> placed in the client install folder. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr valign="top"> 
   <td colname="col1"> Changing Toolbars to Buttons </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> You can opt out of using the new toolbar icons provided in Data Workbench 6.2. by changing the <span class="filepath"> Toolbar Icons </span> argument in the <span class="filepath"> insight.cfg </span> file to <span class="filepath"> false </span>. 
    <codeblock>
      Toolbar Icons = bool: false 
    </codeblock> <p>You will need to restart the client for the change to take effect.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr valign="top"> 
   <td colname="col1"> Reset options in Scoring and Decision Trees visualizations </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> In the Propensity Scoring ( <span class="filepath"> Tools &gt; Predictive Analytics &gt; Propensity Score </span>) and Decision Tree ( <span class="filepath"> Visualizations &gt; Predictive Analytics &gt; Classifications &gt; Decision Tree Builder </span>) tools and visualizations, you now have two reset options: <p><b>Reset Models</b>—Clears out the model but maintains the settings and inputs. Makes the <b>Go</b> button selectable. </p> <p><b>Reset All</b>—Resets all settings (previous design). </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

See the ** ` New Features` **section in the [ Data Workbench 6.2.1 ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/insight/whatsnew/?f=c_6_2_1) release notes to view additional updates for Data Workbench in Analytics Premium. 

## Marketing Reports & Analytics {#fixes_reports_analytics}

**Fixes** 

* (**Added 9/18/2014**) On July 29, 2014, additional checks were implemented to ensure that Adobe-generated IDs and custom visitor IDs are correctly identified. Previously, all visitor IDs that contained a hyphen were identified as generated by Analytics (hyphen is used to separate the two sections of Adobe-generated IDs, and is an unsupported character in custom IDs). After this update, an ID is identified as Adobe-generated only if the ID: 

    * Contains hyphen character
    * Starts with hex digit
    * Contains only hex digits and hyphen
    * Low starts with hex digit (section after the hyphen)
    * Low contains only hex digits (section after the hyphen)
  IDs that do not meet this criteria are considered to be custom visitor IDs. Clickstream data feeds customers should refer to [ Identifying Visitors ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/sc/clickstream/?f=datafeeds_visid) for additional details on how visitor IDs appear in data feeds. 

* Fixed an issue that caused filters to not be applied to the Mobile App &gt; App Activity Reports &gt; Action Name report. Filters are now applied to this report as expected.
* Fixed an issue that caused calculated metrics on report suite summary dashboards that are configured to report High/Low dates and values to occasionally report a high or low date that is outside of the selected date range. Calculated metrics now report high and low dates that are within the selected date range on these dashboards.
* Fixed the ` Return Visits` report to include return visits that occur in the same day.
* Fixed an issue on the ` Operating Systems` report that caused some versions to appear twice.
* Fixed numeric 2 classifications for hinge events above event 50.
* Fixed an issue that prevented new segments from being used by the ` Adobe Analytics` and ` Adobe Campaign` data connector. New segments now appear on the Configure &gt; Data Settings tab in the data connector as expected.
* Single Access metric is now supported by overtime traffic reports.
* Fixed an issue that caused the Average Page Depth metric to potentially include some incorrect pages, and as a result, appear higher in some circumstances. You might see an decrease in this metric after this release.
* Fixed an issue that occurred when changing the date range on a custom report. The report name changed from the custom report name to the default report name.
* Fixed an issue where the “Referrer Type” report could not be broken down by “Referring Domains”.
* Fixed a formatting issue with fallout reports in a downloaded dashboard report.
* Fixed issues that occurred when trying to change the position of processing rules in ` Marketing Channels` processing rules.
* Fixed redirect errors that happened while opening links to any reports within Reports &amp; Analytics.
* Fixed an issue where users were unable to add recipient emails to scheduled reports from Admin Tools.
[ Top ](07172014.md#marketingcloud) 

## Report Builder {#fixes_arb}

**Fixes** 

* Fixed an issue where the Mobile &gt; Device Type ‘Other' showed no data with granularity in a breakdown report.
* Fixed an issue where a multi-dimensional request with metric headers as row labels did not return all items for the first dimension.
* Fixed an issue that prevented an Excel file containing a report builder request from being saved in Excel. This happened only after logging in to a company that had access to a report suite with a null label.
* Fixed an issue that prevented users with hyphenated names from downloading shared library workbooks.
* Fixed an issue with editing report builder requests that had "inaccessible/deleted segments" listed under segments. This resulted in an error message.
[ Top ](07172014.md#marketingcloud) 

## Ad Hoc Analysis {#fixes_ad_hoc}

**Fixes** 

* The Virtual Focus Group in ad hoc analysis will be removed in the October release. A notification now appears at the top of the VFG report about removal of this feature in the future, as well as a tool tip presented in the report screen when hovering over the VFG report icon.


## Data Workbench {#fixes_data_workbench}

**Fixes** 

* The ** ` Browsers` ** and ** ` Operating Systems` ** lookup files will not be updated within the legacy ** ` Traffic` ** profile (for example, ` Lookups\Traffic\Browsers.txt)`. Instead, configuration of the ** ` Traffic` ** profile will utilize the DeviceAtlas bundle ( ` Lookups\DeviceAtlas\DeviceAtlas.bundle`). 

* Data Workbench 6.2.1 will be the last release to provide a download of the 32-bit client application ( ` Insight32.exe`). All future client application downloads will be the 64-bit application ( ` Insight.exe`) and continue to require Windows 7 or newer. 
  >[!NOTE]
  >
  >Memory limitations of the 32-bit application are addressed with the introduction of the 64-bit application beginning with the 6.1 release. The 32-bit version of the Data Workbench client application may experience potential issues related to memory limitations when running predictive models using the clustering and scoring features.

See [ Analytics Premium ](07172014.md#features_analytics_premium) for new feature updates and additional release information. 
[ Top ](07172014.md#marketingcloud) 

## Clickstream Data Feeds {#clickstream}

Not updated in this release.
[ Top ](07172014.md#marketingcloud) 

## AppMeasurement and Mobile SDKs {#appmeasurement_sdk}

** ` AppMeasurement` for JavaScript** 
Not updated in this release.
**JavaScript H code (Legacy)** 
Not updated in this release.
**Marketing Cloud Visitor ID Service** 
Not updated in this release.
** ` AppMeasurement` for Other Platforms** 
See [ AppMeasurement Release History ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/sc/appmeasurement/release/index.html) the following for a release history of ` AppMeasurement` on the following platforms: 

* JavaScript
* iOS
* Android
* Flash-Flex
* OSX
* Windows Phone, XBOX, Silverlight, and .NET
* BlackBerry
* Java
* PHP
* Symbian
[ Top ](07172014.md#marketingcloud) 
**Fixes and Enhancements** 
Enhancements and fixes in ` Social` 3.3.2 focus on improved performance, scalability, usability, and reliability. Nearly 150 back-end fixes and enhancements address these areas. The fixes highlighted below describe resolutions for the more important customer-reported issues. 

* Added the ability to evaluate owned social property and post KPIs alongside site KPIs in ` Adobe Analytics`. This data can be integrated into ` Analytics` dashboards, pulled into ` Report Builder`, and is available in ` Ad Hoc Analysis` and ` Data Warehouse`. 

* Fixed an issue that prevented the ` Social Buzz` report's ` Related Terms` reportlet from loading if your account is using the Singapore data center.
* Fixed an issue that caused a "file format or file extension is invalid" error message when attempting to export the ` Social Buzz` report.
* Fixed an issue that caused an error message or prevented the file from opening after exporting data from the ` Social Buzz` report.
* Fixed an issue that caused an error message to display when attempting to update sentiment on the ` Social Buzz` report.
* Fixed an issue that prevented the ` Marketing Overview` dashboard's ` Campaigns` reportlet from loading if your account contains many campaigns.
* Fixed an issue that prevented users from being able to click ** ` View Post` ** in the ` Content Calendar` to display a Facebook Photo Album or Facebook Cover Photo post.
* Enhanced the ` Content Calendar` so that users can view a post on its platform (Facebook, Twitter, Google+, and so forth) from the ` List View`, ` Month View`, or ` Week View`.
* Enhanced the ` Publisher` and ` Content Calendar` to support animated ` .gifs` on Twitter.
* Fixed an issue that caused the ` Content Calendar` to not respect certain filters. For example, if a user specified one or more properties, then specified a ` Pending Approvals` filter, the ` Content Calendar` displayed posts for more properties than were selected in the ` Social Properties` filter.
* Enhanced the ` Publisher` and ` Content Calendar` to display an icon to indicate that the post will fail because the associated social property needs to be re-authorized. Users can hover over the icon to display a message and a link to authorize the property.
* Updated to the latest Twitter library so that all domains are shortened correctly (the number of characters is accurate).
* Fixed an issue that caused the hashtag to display in Facebook and Google+ posts even though the hashtag was added in the Twitter preview.
* Fixed an issue that caused the bulk delete function for listening rules to not respect search results. For example, if a user specified a search term on the ` Active Rules` page ( ** ` Settings` ** &gt; ** ` Listening Rules` ** &gt; ** ` Active` **), clicked the checkbox at the top of the list to select all returned listening rules, then clicked ** ` Delete` **, more rules were deleted than expected.
* Fixed an issue that caused a longer than expected delay before data collection started for a newly created listening rule.
* Fixed an issue that prevented tracking codes being sent to the classification importer (SAINT) even though a Facebook post had an associated campaign.
[ Top ](07172014.md#marketingcloud) 
Adobe Media Optimizer accurately predicts the impact of changes to your search, display, and social ads, then helps you manage and automate the campaigns, freeing resources for other high-impact initiatives.

* The Data Integration Library (DIL) has been updated (v4.9) to use the Adobe Marketing Cloud Visitor ID. You must use Visitor Service v1.2.1 or later.
* [ Audience management release notes ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/demdex/c_release_notes.html).
* Advertising management - Help for advertising management is available in the product at  ** ` Help` ** &gt; ** ` Help Contents` ** .
[ Top ](07172014.md#marketingcloud) 
` Adobe Campaign` provides an intuitive, automated way to deliver one-to-one messages across online and offline marketing channels. You can now anticipate what your clients want using experiences determined by their habits and preferences. 
For product documentation, see: [ Adobe Campaign Documentation ](https://support.neolane.net/doc/AC6.1/en/home.html). 
[ Top ](07172014.md#marketingcloud) 
` Adobe Experience Manager` is an enterprise web content management system that lets you author, manage, develop, and publish your web sites. 
For product documentation, see:

* Release notes: [ Adobe Experience Manager 6.0 Release Notes ](http://docs.adobe.com/content/docs/en/aem/6-0/release-notes.html)
* Help home: [ Adobe Experience Manager Help Home ](http://docs.adobe.com)
* Scene7 Publishing System: [ Scene7 Publishing System Release Notes ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/s7/release_notes/index.html)
[ Top ](07172014.md#marketingcloud) 
