---
description: IP obfuscation, Geosegmentation and Time Prior to Event reports in report builder, new metrics in data warehouse, AppMeasurement deployment in tag management, Target 3.5, Social 3.0.1, tag management 2.0, and general fixes.
keywords: release notes
seo-description: IP obfuscation, Geosegmentation and Time Prior to Event reports in report builder, new metrics in data warehouse, AppMeasurement deployment in tag management, Target 3.5, Social 3.0.1, tag management 2.0, and general fixes.
seo-title: Release Notes - August 15 2013
solution: Experience Cloud,Release Notes
title: Release Notes - August 15 2013
uuid: 00445aa4-ec33-4cef-83fa-e1fc58c87293
index: n
internal: n
snippet: y
translate: y
---

# Release Notes - August 15 2013

Release date: **August 15 2013**
[Tag Management 2.0](08152013.md#section_FA181E2AE46B4BFF8B153E5B8270A7DD) update August 22 2013 
<p class="head"> <b> <span class="keyword">Adobe Analytics</span> </b> </p>


* [Marketing Reports &amp; Analytics](08152013.md#section_CB8659B4CD744A70B2D8540EFC7D7D0F)
* [SiteCatalyst 14.9](08152013.md#section_8F43A57437964888B83F481DD7540968)
* [Ad Hoc Analysis](08152013.md#section_9B8A74D85F3E4A8B93D7F38D9C7595F1)
* [Report Builder 4.5](08152013.md#section_C522083EECBC4D3C85E78582C71A08BB)
* [Data Warehouse](08152013.md#section_BBFC9275B5B44A4A9F930D0953AE1528)
* [AppMeasurement &amp; Mobile](08152013.md#section_2622886D0314497B989F82D180737692)
* [Clickstream Data Feeds](08152013.md#section_1C162C0AE3564004BAC3DC9DEDB43B6E)
* [Data Connectors](08152013.md#section_38B2036148924A9AB5BD78FED542507A)
* [Data Workbench](08152013.md#section_4B1D8B3FD6D54A82A9B0BE1CE66025F4)
<p class="head"> <b> <span class="keyword">Adobe Target</span> </b> </p>


* [Adobe Target 3.5](08152013.md#section_19FDFE8406604F359840A75BD2F388BB)
* [Recommendations](08152013.md#section_520AA9A624CA4972B9B0215D8F3683F2)
* [Search&amp;Promote](08152013.md#section_3F18C98BF09D4E10AD759C403F543162)

<p class="head"> <b> <span class="keyword">Adobe Social</span> </b> </p>


* [Social 3.0.1](08152013.md#section_054519D8517447FF960331793B3DBC7D)

<p class="head"> <b>Adobe <span class="keyword">Media Optimizer</span></b> </p>


* [Audience Management](08152013.md#section_6F3B7DF3FF4F4939B90FCF837BEF6372)
* AdLens In `AdLens`, click ** `Help` ** &gt; ** `Help Contents` ** for the latest information. 


<p class="head"> <b> <span class="keyword">Marketing Cloud</span> Services</b> </p>


* [Web Services API](08152013.md#section_4A8AC3B21CBB499B964E86E05E6CAF0B)
* [Tag Management 2.0](08152013.md#section_FA181E2AE46B4BFF8B153E5B8270A7DD)
<p class="head"> <b>Adobe <span class="keyword">Experience Manager</span></b> </p>


* [Adobe Experience Manager](http://dev.day.com/docs/en/cq/current/release_notes/overview.html)
* [Scene7 Publishing System Release Notes](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/s7/release_notes/index.html)

## Marketing Reports & Analytics {#section_CB8659B4CD744A70B2D8540EFC7D7D0F}

The marketing report and analytics release (08/15/2013) includes the following changes:

<table id="table_8B6EF04342874D8D8018D0DED0A63AD6"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry">Feature</th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry">Description</th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">IP Obfuscation</td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>The IP Obfuscation options in Admin Tools have changed. You can now selected the following options:</p> 
    <ul id="ul_AA823212C57640C08C2A287D5534E085"> 
     <li id="li_030A56ED22F341179C2480D9B6509AC8"> <b>Replace last octet with 0</b>. The last octet is replaced before Geo lookup. As a result, if Geo Reporting is enabled, the accuracy of these reports might be impacted. </li> 
     <li id="li_5070E8B785A84C2E853160E7776EA5A3"> <b>Obfuscate or Remove IP Address</b>. If Geo Reporting is enabled, Geo lookup is performed before the IP address is obfuscated or removed. </li> 
    </ul> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

**Fixes:** 

* Some legacy dashboards were showing a graph that were smaller than the containing boxes.
* Scheduled reports that contained a Geo Countries reportlet with details and the "Include the HTML version of the report" option selected were not being delivered.
* When viewing the Test&amp;Target &gt; Campaign report, changing the report suite caused unclassified values to display. The classified values now display after changing the report suite.
* The ** `Show All` ** button on the `Success Events` page in Admin Tools showed and selected all checkbox, instead of just showing each checkbox.
* List vars were not displayed in the processing rules interface drop down menus.
* For companies that do not have Ad Hoc Analysis enabled, the ** `Save` ** button did not save changes on the `General Account Settings` page in Admin Tools.
* Referrer Type filter was not applied to a detail only view of Referring Domains reportlet.
* When viewing hourly visit data for dates before the SiteCatalyst 15 migration date, daily data was displayed instead of hourly. Hourly visit data for dates before the migration date now show as 0 and a notification message is displayed since this data is unavailable before the migration.
* For report suites that have custom calendars, all weekly alerts will now be sent on the first day of the custom calendar week instead of Sunday of the week.
* Segment names were not displayed in the UI if they contained quotes. The segment was loaded and applied correctly, but the name did not appear in the Segment field.
* Revenue Participation did not display data on the trended view of the `Referring Domains Report`.
* Average Page Depth was updated to be calculated as `Page Depth/Instances`, instead of `Page Depth/Visits` to match Ad Hoc Analysis. This typically results in lower values for Average Page Depth across all pages. See [Average Page Depth](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/reference/?f=metrics_av_page_depth).
* Trended reports with monthly granularity were not showing data for the month in which the SiteCatalyst 15 upgrade occurred.
* The types "Unknown" "Supported" and "Not Supported" were not translated on Mobile reports.
* In custom traffic reports, total values of Unique Visitors and Monthly Unique Visitors for a month did not match even though the line items matched.
* On the Page Summary Report, the time spent on page showed 0, even though the metric was displayed for the selected page on the corresponding report.

## SiteCatalyst 14.9 {#section_8F43A57437964888B83F481DD7540968}

The SiteCatalyst 14.9 release (08/15/2013) includes the following fixes:

* Some column headers did not line up with column data in downloaded Excel reports.
* The Cart Conversion Funnel and Custom Events Funnel Reports did not complete correctly after the 7/18/2013 maintenance release.

## Ad Hoc Analysis {#section_9B8A74D85F3E4A8B93D7F38D9C7595F1}

The Ad Hoc Analysis release (08/15/2013) includes the following fixes:

* A timeout error (309) displayed when attempting to run reports, stating that data retrieval never completed. This was resolved by improving the efficiency of the searches.
* Custom Events in Fallout Report were displaying incorrectly. This is now fixed.

## Report Builder 4.6 {#section_C522083EECBC4D3C85E78582C71A08BB}

The Report Builder 4.6 (08/15/2013) includes the following changes:

<table id="table_BD68A6061266441888E8528C3B398266"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry">Feature</th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry">Description</th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">Geo segmentation U.S. States Report</td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Geo segmentation U.S. States Report is now available.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">Time Prior To Event Report</td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> 
     <!--117135-->The <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/reference/?f=reports_time_prior_to_event" format="http" scope="external">Time Prior To Event Report</a> is now available. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">Customize the filename, ftp directory, or email subject when delivering a workbook</td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>You can now provide a custom filename for the workbook that is attached to the delivered email, and provide a custom subject line for the email.</p> <p>You can also append the date/time stamp, or the report suite name (when publishing lists are used).</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

**Fixes:** 

* Social, Video, and participation events were not available in the Social and Video reports. These events are now available.
* Calculated metrics which contained Total Visits were not displayed in the `Search Keywords` reports or in any Custom Traffic reports.
* When referencing a report suite from a cell, a error stating that "The Selected Report Suite is not available" occurred.
* Current data was being returned in some circumstances even when the `currentData` flag was set to off.
* Improved `Request Manager Form` load speed.

## Data Warehouse {#section_BBFC9275B5B44A4A9F930D0953AE1528}

The Data Warehouse release (08/15/2013) includes the following changes:

<table id="table_FD864FD126FA42C3AC9D613F164CDED8"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry">Feature</th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry">Description</th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">eVar Participation Metrics</td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>You can now request <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/sc/user/index.html?f=c_metrics_participation" format="http" scope="external">Participation Metrics</a> in data warehouse reports. These metrics are displayed in the Metrics list under the Custom Insight heading. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">Social and Mobile App metrics</td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Social and Mobile App metrics can now be reported in data warehouse.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

**Fixes:** 

* When the "Time Spent per Visit" metric was selected for a Data Warehouse report, the downloaded report incorrectly listed this column as "Time Spent on Site". The downloaded report now correctly labels this metric as "Time Spent per Visit".
* Resolved an issue in data warehouse where the Visitor ID breakdown and visit/visitor counts were reporting incorrect values in conjunction with custom visitor IDs.
* Resolved an issue in the data warehouse request manager where it was not properly displaying custom names for purchase and checkout events."
* Removed the "TnT" breakdown since we recommend using the other Target breakdowns instead (campaign, campaign &gt; recipe, recipe, and so on).

## AppMeasurement & Mobile {#section_2622886D0314497B989F82D180737692}

**AppMeasurement for JavaScript** 
**1.0.3** 

* Added support for deployment through Adobe tag management.
* Fixed an issue that prevented hierarchy variables from being set on the AppMeasurement object.
** `AppMeasurement` for Other Platforms** 
See [AppMeasurement Release History](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/sc/appmeasurement/release/index.html) the following for a release history of `AppMeasurement` on the following platforms: 

* JavaScript
* iOS
* Android
* Flash-Flex
* OSX
* Windows Phone, XBOX, Silverlight, and .NET
* BlackBerry
* Java
* PHP
* Symbian

## Clickstream Data Feeds {#section_1C162C0AE3564004BAC3DC9DEDB43B6E}

Not updated in this maintenance release.
See the [Clickstream Data Feeds](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/whitepapers/clickstream/index.html) help for the latest information. 

## Web Services API {#section_4A8AC3B21CBB499B964E86E05E6CAF0B}

The `Web Services` maintenance release (08/15/2013) includes the following changes: 

| Feature |Description |
|---|---|
| Social API |A new [Social API](https://developer.omniture.com/en_US/documentation/social-api/social) lets you retrieve data from Adobe Social contests, polls, questionnaires, sweepstakes, and other apps using an API.  |

Visit [developer.omniture.com](http://developer.omniture.com) to learn more about the Web Services API. 

## Tag Management 2.0 {#section_FA181E2AE46B4BFF8B153E5B8270A7DD}

**Updated**: 8/22/2013 
The `Tag Management` maintenance release (08/22/2013) includes the following changes: 

| Feature |Description |
|---|---|
| AppMeasurement integration |The new AppMeasurement library is integrated in Tag Management. |
| Custom CDN |Now you can use different CDN than the one provided by Adobe. |
| DIL API Integration |The DIL library is retrieved using the DIL API according to the needed modules. |
| Deployment Improvement |The deployment time was significantly improved. |


* Resolved an issue related to currency values in the Marketing Reports &amp; Analytics dialog.

## Data Connectors {#section_38B2036148924A9AB5BD78FED542507A}

The Data Connectors release (08/15/2013) includes the following changes:

* Classifications that had a sub-classification could be deleted. You must now delete all sub-classifications before deleting a classification.
* SOAP error responses now return well-formed XML.
* Some date formats were not localized in the UI.
* A trailing space in a classification name caused an error during save. Trailing spaces are now trimmed automatically.
* A final instructions page is now available for integrations to display as needed after an integration is activated.
* Added support to rename list variables.
* The wizard now shows the friendly name for calculated metrics formulas.
* Classifications are now available for optional variables.
* When creating a new report suite and selecting Data Feed Enabled, the report suite did not have SiteCatalyst 15 processing enabled.
* Gigya: Added a validation to make sure at least one feature is enabled during the wizard.
* DFA: Warning displayed in step 9 if DFA Errors eVar is not mapped, even though this eVar is optional.

## Data Workbench {#section_4B1D8B3FD6D54A82A9B0BE1CE66025F4}

See the [Data Workbench Release Notes](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/insight/whatsnew/) for the latest release information. 

## Search&Promote {#section_3F18C98BF09D4E10AD759C403F543162}

There is no update to `Search&amp;Promote` for the 08/15/2013 maintenance release. 
See [Search&amp;Promote Documentation Home](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/snp/index.html). 

## Adobe Target 3.5 {#section_19FDFE8406604F359840A75BD2F388BB}

This release includes the following features:


<table id="table_EE8BBB82E7E6446EAD2171F8F6350FEA"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry">Feature</th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry">Description</th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">Offer types can be limited</td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>The offer types allowed for an account can be restricted by ClientCare or consulting. By default, all offer types are enabled.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">Comma-delimited categories create separate items</td> 
   <td colname="col2">Previously, comma-separated categories were listed as a single category. Separating categories with a comma now creates separate categories. For example, use <span class="codeph">categoryId=clothing,shoes,nike,running,shox,nike shox turbo,nike shox turbo VI</span> or <span class="codeph">entity.categoryId=clothing,shoes,nike,running,shox,nike shox turbo,nike shox turbo VI</span> to create seven categories. 
    <!--See <xref href="c_Using_Category_Affinity.xml#concept_E51E078F49484B4EA0E52046E6F58E3C" format="dita" scope="local">Category Affinity</xref>. --></td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">API support for read-only campaigns</td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> Use <span class="codeph">editUrl=readonly</span> to prevent campaigns from being changed in the admin UI. Campaigns can still be updated via API with this setting. See the API documentation on Developer Connection for details. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">API support for archiving campaigns</td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>The Campaign State REST API now includes the <span class="codeph">archive</span> option. See the API documentation on Developer Connection for details. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">API support for setting the campaign (de-)activation time</td> 
   <td colname="col2">You can now use the Campaign Create API to set a start and end date for a campaign. The format is: <p><span class="codeph">&lt;start&gt;2013-07-05T04:00&lt;/start&gt;</span> and <span class="codeph">&lt;end&gt;2013-08-05T04:00&lt;/end&gt;</span></p><p>See the API documentation on Developer Connection for details.</p></td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>


## Social 3.0.1 {#section_054519D8517447FF960331793B3DBC7D}

This release includes the following enhancements:

<table id="table_4AFE196494A6408790ACDBB2D0F3FE5E"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry">Feature</th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry">Description</th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">Terms Set Up</td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>The following changes and enhancements have been made to the terms functionality:</p> 
    <ul id="ul_090DAF5008F94EAF8F710FD9216EBCA3"> 
     <li id="li_1BD56D8A28DD4C3F9D1B3F1262AB43AD">You can now upload terms and term sets using a CSV file. This method lets you specify or exclude social providers that will listen for individual terms or sets.</li> 
     <li id="li_870F695C4C9A4290A0D193E0B70263DB">You can now grant permissions for any user to add terms to track in Social. Previously, only administrative users could be granted this permission.</li> 
    </ul> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">Publishing: Schedule Posts</td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>The limitation to schedule posts at five-minute intervals has been removed. Posts can now be scheduled at one-minute intervals.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">Publishing: Content Calendar</td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>The following changes and enhancements have been made to the<span class="wintitle">Content Calendar</span>: </p> 
    <ul id="ul_A4CC90A808664FFF93AE6F6C27A309DE"> 
     <li id="li_E90F563D916040BBB0B405E079DF1401">Enhancements to improve speed and performance.</li> 
     <li id="li_02FD705A7BC140E08ECBCF75F0092C7E">When filtering the <span class="wintitle">Content Calendar</span> using the <span class="wintitle">Created By</span> option, you can now select more than one user. </li> 
     <li id="li_E537C8E3BBC94247A78E45BD30643515">The <span class="wintitle">Week View</span> calendar automatically scrolls to the earliest post of any day in the week. </li> 
     <li id="li_015374FA25974A49B8E14565B6410135">Renamed the "Scheduled Posts" drop-down list to read "Post Timeline" to better describe the feature's purpose and functionality.</li> 
     <li id="li_8769E389C3DA45CB897D2A05056D5C41">Reach estimates are now available when targeting Facebook posts in the <span class="wintitle">Content Calendar</span> and <span class="wintitle">Publisher</span>. </li> 
    </ul> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">Apps Form Data API</td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>A Form Data API is available to let customers push or pull application data into 3rd-party databases (for example, customer databases, CRM systems, and email services).</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">Localized Documentation</td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Updated documentation in the following languages is now available:</p> 
    <ul class="simplelist"> 
     <li>French</li> 
     <li>Traditional Chinese</li> 
     <li>Simplified Chinese</li> 
     <li>German</li> 
     <li>Japanese</li> 
     <li>Korean</li> 
     <li>Portuguese</li> 
    </ul> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

For more information, see the [Social Release Notes](https://microsite.omniture.com/t2/help/en_US/social/index.html?f=c_rel_notes). 
**Fixes** 

* Improved the retry logic with failed and expired FB tokens for post and app publishing.

## Recommendations {#section_520AA9A624CA4972B9B0215D8F3683F2}

This release (2.15) includes the following changes:


| Feature |Description |
|---|---|
| Recently Viewed Items algorithm |Shows items that have been viewed recently. |
| Dynamically Exclude Entity recommendations |Exclude certain items from being shown, such as items that are already in the cart. |
| Support for host groups with custom algorithms |A "host group name" attribute has been added to custom algorithms. If no host group name is specified, the default host group is used. |
| Support for multiple environments added to production back fill |Previously, the default Production host group was hard-coded as the source for backfill. Now you can choose the source for the backfill. This setting must be set by Adobe ClientCare. |

This release includes the following fix:

* Fixed an issue in the UI that was causing graphs to be duplicated.


## Audience Management {#section_6F3B7DF3FF4F4939B90FCF837BEF6372}

For the latest information, see [Audience Manager Help](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/demdex/index.html?f=c_release_notes). 
