---
description: Analytics: new reports navigation menu. Social: enhancements to the Social Buzz Report and Moderations. Recommendations 14.8. General fixes.
keywords: release notes
seo-description: Analytics: new reports navigation menu. Social: enhancements to the Social Buzz Report and Moderations. Recommendations 14.8. General fixes.
seo-title: Release Notes - September 18 2014
solution: Experience Cloud,Release Notes
title: Release Notes - September 18 2014
uuid: bc21993b-ebeb-499c-bb49-ce589d06b2f8
index: n
internal: n
snippet: y
translate: y
---

# Release Notes - September 18 2014


>[!NOTE]
>
>To receive release notes one week prior to the monthly product update, subscribe to the[ Adobe Priority Product Update ](https://www.adobe.com/subscription/priority-product-update.html). Release information in the Priority Product Update comes one week in advance of the release date. Please check back at release time for updates. 


Release date: September 18, 2014

* [ Marketing Cloud and Core Services ](09182014.md#marketingcloud)
* [ Analytics ](09182014.md#analytics)
* [ Social ](09182014.md#social)
* [ Target ](09182014.md#target)
* [ Media Optimizer ](09182014.md#mediaoptimizer)
* [ Campaign ](09182014.md#campaign)
* [ Experience Manager ](09182014.md#experiencemanager)

* [ Marketing Cloud Interface ](09182014.md#marketing_cloud_interface)
* [ Mobile Services 2.0 ](09182014.md#mobile)
* [ Dynamic Tag Management ](09182014.md#dtm)

## Marketing Cloud 14.9.1 {#marketing_cloud_interface}

New features and fixes in the ` Adobe Marketing Cloud` collaboration and sharing interface. 
**Fixes and Improvements** 

* When you navigate to ` marketing.adobe.com`, the login experience is now consistent with Adobe's ` Creative Cloud` login.
* On the ` Manage Organizations` page, the account linking experience is now consistent for each solution.
**Known Issues** 

* Group and entitlement changes made in user management only take effect after a new login.
* Some users may not be able to create a card from a PDF and share it to a board.
* Some users may have trouble uploading assets to a board.
* Some users are able to delete an out-of-date asset instead of receiving an error notification.
* User are not able to share PowerPoint files on boards.
* Some ` .png` files cannot be rendered on a card.
* ` Marketing Cloud` interface can reduce in performance when in parallel use by many users.
* The ` Search&amp;Promote` linking is not available from the ` Organizations &amp; Product Access` page.
See [ Getting Started with Adobe Marketing Cloud ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mcloud/home.html) for product help. 
[ Top ](09182014.md#marketingcloud) 

## Adobe Mobile Services {#mobile}

Adobe Mobile Services bring together mobile marketing capabilities for mobile applications from across the ` Adobe Marketing Cloud`. Initially, the service provides seamless integration of app analytics and targeting capabilities from the ` Adobe Analytics` and ` Adobe Target` solutions. Learn more at [ Adobe Mobile services documentation ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mobile/). 
**Fixes** 

* Fixed an issue preventing some customers from successfully logging in.
* Updated help links to point to [ https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mobile/ ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mobile/).
* Minor change to background image displayed on login page.
See [ Adobe Mobile Services ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mobile/) for product documentation. To see the release notes for previous releases, expand *Previous Release Notes* in the left pane. 
[ Top ](09182014.md#marketingcloud) 

## Dynamic Tag Management {#dtm}

Not updated in this release.
See [ What's New in Dynamic Tag Management ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/dtm/whatsnew.html) for current and cumulative release notes, help, and documentation updates. 
[ Top ](09182014.md#marketingcloud) 

* [ New Features in Analytics ](09182014.md#features_analytics)
* Fixes: 
    * [ Marketing Reports &amp; Analytics ](09182014.md#fixes_reports_analytics)
    * [ Report Builder ](09182014.md#fixes_arb)
    * [ Ad Hoc Analysis ](09182014.md#fixes_ad_hoc)
    * [ Data Workbench (Analytics Premium) ](09182014.md#fixes_data_workbench)
    * [ Data Warehouse ](09182014.md#fixes_data_warehouse)
    * [ Clickstream Data Feeds ](09182014.md#clickstream)

* [ AppMeasurement and Mobile SDKs ](09182014.md#appmeasurement_sdk)

## New Features in Analytics {#features_analytics}


<table id="table_91D1FD20C4C1411292252364328677AF"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Feature </th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> New Reports Navigation Menu </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> New, easier-to-use Reports menu that provides quick access to all reports. </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> Consistently named segmentation operators </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Reports &amp; analytics and ad hoc analysis now use consistent operators and operator names when creating segments.</p> <p> <b>New operators</b> </p> <p>The <i>exists</i>, and <i>does not exist</i> operators were added to reports &amp; analytics when segmenting based on enumerated strings. </p> <p>The <i>does not contain all of</i> and <i>does not contain any of</i> operators were added to ad hoc analysis when segmenting based on string values. </p> <p> <b>Renamed operators</b> </p> <p>In reports &amp; analytics:</p> 
    <ul id="ul_A7E0230022EA4D4D84BD23689A78502B"> 
     <li id="li_AF5D06CD245A4C399EBBD5DAB568641C"> <i>does not contains all of</i> was renamed to <i>does not contain all of</i></li> 
     <li id="li_4F9179FAFDCD4C9C8B3BF89368832934"> <i>does not contains any of</i> was renamed to <i>does not contain any of</i></li> 
    </ul> <p>In ad hoc analysis:</p> 
    <ul id="ul_F3CF5DEAE7534F4583B673F2EFC8F910"> 
     <li id="li_3D863D7BD00D4D0EA7E5DA986BBD0784"> <i>contains one of</i> was renamed to <i>contains any of</i></li> 
     <li id="li_CBDE130CD94E48A7969329BEE71AD0B2"> <i>is not null</i> was renamed to <i>exists</i></li> 
     <li id="li_F1F02BE5171C4BA18E5353B2E5D715F9"> <i>is null</i> was renamed to <i>does not exist</i></li> 
     <li id="li_F6590D467D8A4122B43159A8BE3AFA1E"> <i>equals (with wild cards)</i> was renamed to <i>contains</i></li> 
     <li id="li_51DCFC6D12674A6EB57AB147125BF770"> <i>does not equal (with wild cards)</i> was renamed to <i>does not contain</i></li> 
     <li id="li_FEBF30D3548C4A2BB116E464AEC16119"> <i>event exists</i> was renamed to <i>exists</i></li> 
     <li id="li_FD437F69DD0A42D583D28A3853FC34CF"> <i>event does not exist</i> was renamed to <i>does not exist</i></li> 
    </ul> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> HTTP POST support for data collection </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>AppMeasurement for JavaScript and Flash now send image requests using POST in some circumstances to avoid request truncation that occurs at 2000 bytes in some browsers. After this update, Internet Explorer 8+ will no longer truncate request data at 2000 bytes, reducing errors and data loss for some variables. For example, if the browser is Internet Explorer 9 and the image URL is 1900 bytes, then the request is sent using HTTP GET. If it is 2100 bytes, the request is sent using HTTP POST.</p> <p>Note that the Adobe Debugger does not inspect hits sent using HTTP POST. If the Adobe Debugger doesn’t show data in Internet Explorer, use a packet analyzer or the built-in network tools to examine the network traffic directly, or inspect the hit in a browser that does not truncate URLs, such as Chrome or Firefox.</p> <p>This functionality requires AppMeasurement for JavaScript 1.4.1+ and the visitor ID service 1.3.2+.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> Coach marks for new features </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> When you log in after the release, you will see coach marks describing the new features in <span class="keyword"> Analytics </span>. After you click <span class="uicontrol"> Exit </span> or <span class="uicontrol"> Done </span>, the coach marks do not display again. </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>


## New Features in Analytics Premium {#features_analytics_premium}

In addition to the features listed in [ New Features in Analytics ](09182014.md#features_analytics), Analytics Premium provides these additional new features: 

|  Feature  | Description  |
|---|---|
|  | |
|  | |
|  | |
|  | |
|  | |
|  | |

See the New Features section in the [ Data Workbench 6.2 release notes ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/insight/whatsnew/?f=c_release_notes_insight_62) to view additional updates for Analytics Premium. 

## Marketing Reports & Analytics {#fixes_reports_analytics}

**Fixes** 

* Fixed an issue where the ` Search Keywords - All` reportlet reported in a currency that was different from the base currency set for the report suite.
* Fixed an issue where a user who had access to the ` Site Hierarchy Report` on two report suites was unable to switch between the two report suites. An Access Denied error was displayed.
* Fixed an issue that occurred when creating a segment from a ` Fallout Report`. The container changed from Visit (parent report) to Visitor.
* Fixed an error that occurred with a segment that was created in ad hoc analysis and subsequently copied in reports &amp; analytics.
* Fixed the segment preview in Segment Builder to show the correct number of hits, visits, and visitors for the selected date range.
* Fixed an issue that caused Romania to appear twice on the countries list in Segment Builder.
* Fixed an issue with the time selector not working in real time reports on iPads or iPad minis.
* Fixed an issue where menu customizations could not be saved in any language other than English.
* Fixed an issue when breaking down a hierarchy report by page names on reports that cross the Version 15 upgrade date that caused the data to not be correctly sorted.
* Fixed an issue on hourly reports that contain the bounce rate metric to increase the accuracy of bounces reported each hour. Note that this did not impact non-hourly reporting of bounce rate.
* Fixed an issue that caused the total revenue shown for the referring domains report to change when the data comparison feature is used.
* Fixed an issue in the Analytics for Target integration that caused the total count for Activity Conversions to be reported incorrectly in Analytics. The total was reported correctly in the Target Standard.
* Fixed an issue that some numeric 2 classification values to report as 0.
* Fixed an issue that caused instances of referrer types to be reported differently between the Referrer Type Report and Referring Domain Report. The allocation setting for Referrer Type Report now matches the setting for Referring Domain causing instances to be reported consistently between these two reports.
* Fixed an issue that caused Average Time Spent on page to report incorrectly when reporting date ranges that cross the Version 15 upgrade date.
[ Top ](09182014.md#marketingcloud) 

## Report Builder {#fixes_arb}

Not updated in this release.
[ Top ](09182014.md#marketingcloud) 

## Ad Hoc Analysis {#fixes_ad_hoc}

**Fixes** 

* Fixed an issue that occurred after changing the Count Repeat Instances setting from "No" to "Yes" in the ` Next Pages Flow Report`. Repeated items did not show up.
* Fixed a discrepancy between the bounce rates reported by the ` Site Analysis Report` versus the ` Pages Report`.
* Fixed an issue that occurred when creating a segment in reports &amp; analytics using the “does not contain any of" operator. The ` Segment Builder` preview showed this segment as being compatible with ad hoc analysis. However, the segment could not be found in ad hoc analysis.

## Data Workbench {#fixes_data_workbench}

Not updated in this release.
See [ Data Workbench 6.2 updates ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/insight/whatsnew/?f=c_release_notes_insight_62) for additional release information. 
[ Top ](09182014.md#marketingcloud) 

## Data Warehouse {#fixes_data_warehouse}

Not updated in this release.
[ Top ](09182014.md#marketingcloud) 

## Clickstream Data Feeds {#clickstream}

Not updated in this release.
[ Top ](09182014.md#marketingcloud) 

## AppMeasurement and Mobile SDKs {#appmeasurement_sdk}

** ` AppMeasurement` for JavaScript** 
**1.4.1** 

* Added a ` tagContainerMarker` variable that allows the implementation to specify up to 4 characters that are appended to the version string along with an additional dash character delimiter. This is used by dynamic tag management. 

  ```
  js  // JavaScript 
  s.tagContainerMarker = "D1.0"; 
    
  // Data Collection request 
  //.../b/ss/myrsid/1/JS-1.4.1-D1.0/s43317392037311?...
  ```
  The 4 characters are limited to characters that are allowed in URL file paths, such as alpha-numeric and period.

* On pages that are dual-tagged with H Code, fixed a loop that might occur during automatic link tracking (download and exit) with when forced link tracking is enabled (default in Webkit browsers). Additionally, added a general safeguard around automatic link tracking to prevent similar loops. This safeguard limits automatic link tracking of repeated clicks to the *same* object to once every 10 seconds. This safeguard applies only to automatic link tracking, so manual link tracking (s.tl) calls are not limited. Clicks to different objects are also not impacted by this safeguard and will be tracked.
* Fixed handling of clicked object when a delay is needed.
* Fixed an issue that caused a double page-view count when s.t was called from a link onclick function, if the Visitor API does not have the needed values yet.
* HTTP POST support. See [ New Features in Analytics ](09182014.md#features_analytics).
**JavaScript H code (Legacy)** 
**H.27.4** 

* Added a ` tagContainerMarker` variable that allows the implementation to specify up to 4 characters that are appended to the version string along with an additional dash character delimiter. This is used by dynamic tag management. 

  ```
  js  // JavaScript 
  s.tagContainerMarker = "D1.0"; 
    
  // Data Collection request 
  //.../b/ss/myrsid/1/JS-1.4.1-D1.0/s43317392037311?...
  ```

**Marketing Cloud Visitor ID Service** 
**1.3.2** 

* Fixed an issue that might cause an invalid ` Marketing Cloud` Visitor IDs to be generated by the fallback mechanism when handling timeouts.
** ` AppMeasurement` for Other Platforms** 
See [ AppMeasurement Release History ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/sc/appmeasurement/release/index.html) the following for a release history of ` AppMeasurement` on the following platforms: 

* JavaScript
* iOS
* Android
* Flash-Flex
* OSX
* Windows Phone, XBOX, Silverlight, and .NET
* BlackBerry
* Java
* PHP
* Symbian
[ Top ](09182014.md#marketingcloud) 
**New Features and Enhancements** 

<table id="table_3CA51E873E324FD4B7CF14190F127A77"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Feature </th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr valign="top"> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> <span class="wintitle"> Social Buzz </span> report enhancements </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>The <span class="wintitle"> Social Buzz </span> report includes the following enhancements: </p> <p> <b>Image Button:</b>Display or hide images in the <span class="wintitle"> Posts </span> feed. </p> <p> <b>Play/Pause Button:</b>View the <span class="wintitle"> Posts </span> feed in real-time mode or pause the feed to examine an individual post. </p> <p> <b>Retweet Filter:</b> Display or hide retweets in the <span class="wintitle"> Posts </span> feed using the <span class="wintitle"> Retweet </span> filter option. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr valign="top"> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> <span class="wintitle"> Moderation </span> enhancements </p> <p> <p>Note:  These moderation enhancements will be available September 25, 2014. </p> </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> <b>Hide Facebook Posts:</b> Display or hide individual Facebook posts in a moderation feed instead of deleting them. </p> <p> <b>Quick-Action Buttons:</b>The quick-action buttons in moderation feeds have been simplified. The most frequently used buttons display below the text for each post or tweet. The less frequently used buttons are accessed by clicking the More drop-down list. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

**Fixes** 
In addition to the new features and enhancements described above, fixes in ` Social` 3.3.4 focus on improved performance, scalability, usability, and reliability. More than 300 back-end fixes and enhancements address these areas. The fixes highlighted below describe resolutions for the more important customer-reported issues. 

* Fixed an issue that caused some customers to receive a "Service Error" when logging in to ` Social`.
* Fixed an issue that prevented the user's specified home page from displaying after logging in to ` Social`.
* Fixed an issue that prevented data from being collected for LinkedIn posts.
* Fixed an issue that caused display problems in the ` Social Buzz` report's ` Display Name` reportlet.
* Fixed an issue that caused users to receive an error message while attempting to tune sentiment on the ` Social Buzz` report.
* Fixed an issue in the ` Social Buzz` report that caused inconsistent metric numbers when adding the number of posts by platform and then comparing that number to the total number of mentions.
* Fixed an issue that caused link-click reporting inconsistencies in downloaded reports.
* Fixed an issue that prevented ` Publisher` templates from loading for some users.
* Fixed an issue that caused Facebook posts with video attachments to sometimes fail, even though the ` Content Calendar` indicated that the post was successful.
* Enhanced the ` Publisher` and ` Content Calendar` to display a warning if an image posted from an iPhone is upside down. Previously, it was difficult to determine whether the image was properly oriented because the device automatically rotated the image in the ` Preview` pane.
* Fixed an issue that prevented posts from needing re-approval after adding or editing an image, video, or link using the ` Publisher` or ` Content Calendar`.
* Fixed an issue that caused an incorrect error message to display when a Facebook post failed due to unsafe or abusive content.
* Fixed an issue in the ` Content Calendar` that caused selected filters to not be saved after a browser refresh.
* Fixed an issue in the ` Publisher` that caused an error message to display when users entered the letter "M" followed by a space in a tweet. The ` Publisher` incorrectly recognized the text as a Twitter command.
* Fixed an issue that sometimes prevented shortened bit.ly URLs from retaining tracking codes.
* Fixed an issue that caused a deleted-post notification to be sent when a social property was removed from a draft post.
* Fixed an issue that prevented users from escalating posts in ` Moderation` when there are ` Reasons` configured but no ` Suggestions` configured.
* Fixed an issue that caused an inactive listening rule to display on the ` Inactive` page after being reactivated unless the user reloaded the page.
* Fixed an issue that caused "Invalid date - Invalid Date (backfill)" to display in ` Social` after backfilling data for a listening rule.
[ Top ](09182014.md#marketingcloud) 
** ` Target` Standard (September 19 2014)** 
This release includes the following features and enhancements:

|  Feature/Enhancement  | Description  |
|---|---|
|  Allow insertion and editing of JavaScript  | Added the ability to edit and inject custom JavaScript in the experience editor when you choose ** ` Edit HTML` ** from the actions menu.  |
|  Automatic audience import  | Audiences are automatically imported in the background when a user opens the audience list and the imported audiences are more than 10 minutes old.  |
|  Increased size of HTML offers than can be synced to ` Target Classic`  | Increased the former 64KB limit to 256KB.  |

This release includes the following fixes:

* Fixed an issue where video offers were not delivered correctly on Firefox.
* Fixed an issue that prevented an undo on Edit Link from showing as undone in the Visual Experience Composer.
* Fixed an issue in the Automated Personalization experience editor that caused a changed video offer to not appear as changed.
* Fixed an error that caused an activity's Collision page from displaying in Google Chrome as a blank page.

**Target Classic (September 15 2014)** 
This release includes the following features and enhancements:

|  Feature/Enhancement  | Description  |
|---|---|
|  Improved Recommendations support  | Added ` mboxTrace` support for Widget Offers, and added monitoring around widget offer serving.  |

**Fixes** 
This maintenance release includes the following fixes:

* Fixed a defect that resulted in campaign-level targeting not being reflected in the UI.
* Fixed an issue where badly formed IP addresses used during testing can turn off profile scripts.

** ` Recommendations 14.8` (September 10 2014)** 
This release includes the following enhancements:

<table id="table_F51024224E474A179ACF728E4445645D"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Enhancement </th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> CSV download performance has been improved. </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Algorithm name and environment ID details are included when there is only one algorithm returned.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> Backup recommendations are included for Report Suite data sourced Affinity algorithms. </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>This enhancement fixes an issue that sometimes prevented backup recommendations from being served.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

[ Top ](09182014.md#marketingcloud) 

## Search&Promote 8.16.0 {#section_D28F5C0158D64702896CF29E3887E42A}

**New features** 

* Caching of search results in Guided Search 3 (GS3) - To have this custom feature setup for you so that you can use it in your account, contact your Adobe Technical Account Manager.
* Vertical updates for frequently changed fields. You now have the ability to quickly update all the values for a set of metadata fields without the need to completely reindex your content.
  This feature can only be used on ` Adobe Search&amp;Promote` accounts that use Index Connector. To have this custom feature setup for you so that you can use it in your account, contact your Adobe Technical Account Manager. 

**Fixes and enhancements** 

* Corrected the Index Connector parsing of XML feeds that contained ` ?&gt;` string. 

* Fixed Index Connector SFTP feeds when the minimum document count was enforced.

* Report export to Microsoft Excel now supports UTF8.

* Guided Search: facets compile was slow.

* Attribute Loader: aggregate data had duplicate keys.

* Fixed wrong Business Rule run order when pushing an individual rule live.

* The wrong facet Undo links were getting generated by Guided Search.

* New remote control operation added ( ` sp_lines=N`) that lets you check the progress and status of a currently running index crawl. 

* Need to send auth information when fetching deletes information during Index Connector incremental.

* The ` Change Log` report now identifies the user who initiates a manual index operation. 

* When you export a ` Terms Report`, you are no longer limited to 500 or less items in the report. 

* The Index Connector ** ` Strip HTML` ** setting was always displaying as checked. 

* Inconsistent search results were experienced with the ** ` Common Phrases` ** feature. 

* Display of attribute names were getting truncated in the Rule list summaries.

* Pushing an individual Business Rule live was pushing all Business Rules live.

[ Top ](09182014.md#marketingcloud) 
Adobe Media Optimizer accurately predicts the impact of changes to your search, display, and social ads, then helps you manage and automate the campaigns, freeing resources for other high-impact initiatives.

* The Data Integration Library (DIL) has been updated (v4.9) to use the Adobe Marketing Cloud Visitor ID. You must use Visitor Service v1.2.1 or later.
* [ Audience management release notes ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/demdex/c_release_notes.html).
* Advertising management - Help for advertising management is available in the product at  ** ` Help` ** &gt; ** ` Help Contents` ** .
[ Top ](09182014.md#marketingcloud) 
` Adobe Campaign` provides an intuitive, automated way to deliver one-to-one messages across online and offline marketing channels. You can now anticipate what your clients want using experiences determined by their habits and preferences. 
For product documentation, see: [ Adobe Campaign Documentation ](https://support.neolane.net/doc/AC6.1/en/home.html). 
[ Top ](09182014.md#marketingcloud) 
` Adobe Experience Manager` is an enterprise web content management system that lets you author, manage, develop, and publish your web sites. 
For product documentation, see:

* [ 6.0 Service Pack 1 Release Notes ](http://docs.adobe.com/docs/en/aem/6-0/release-notes-sp1.html)
* Release notes: [ Adobe Experience Manager 6.0 Release Notes ](http://docs.adobe.com/content/docs/en/aem/6-0/release-notes.html)
* Help home: [ Adobe Experience Manager Help Home ](http://docs.adobe.com)
* Scene7 Publishing System: [ Scene7 Publishing System Release Notes ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/s7/release_notes/index.html)
[ Top ](09182014.md#marketingcloud) 
