---
description: Learn about the latest release and maintenance release (MR) information in the Digital Marketing Suite.
seo-description: Learn about the latest release and maintenance release (MR) information in the Digital Marketing Suite.
seo-title: Release Notes - February 23 2012
solution: Release Notes,Marketing Cloud,Analytics,Social,Target,Media Optimizer
title: Release Notes - February 23 2012
topic: Release notes
uuid: 06450936-acf1-4707-9c08-979f562742ae
index: n
internal: n
snippet: y
translate: y
---

# Release Notes - February 23 2012

**February 23 2012** 

* [ SocialAnalytics 1.2 Maintenance Release ](c_02232012.md#section_6FC3F4B0EAFD48E8BF62BDD294B43A47)
* [ SiteCatalyst 15.2 Maintenance Release ](c_02232012.md#section_8CE3F1367B464AC79C15A7F6A50EC9BA)
* [ SiteCatalyst 14.9 Maintenance Release ](c_02232012.md#section_EF7EEAD893304D74B298725FD693699B)
* [ AppMeasurement ](c_02232012.md#section_6A39454E205A4E178D1D4ABF15B2C4BD)
* [ ReportBuilder 4.2.9 Maintenance Release ](c_02232012.md#section_58B4EB46AEBA44AA825A8F0DDA53E7BD)
* [ AudienceResearch 1.1 ](c_02232012.md#section_4A16EE6BA4C74591A1F7C99FBF99A5FB)
* [ AudienceManager 3.2 Maintenance Release ](c_02232012.md#section_E98618E9A1DC4A5D834E0DD97EFF59ED)
* [ SearchCenter 4.2 ](c_02232012.md#section_D48D89D93B044E0494F239D18320647B)
* [ Discover 2.9.6 Maintenance Release ](c_02232012.md#section_93859078868D47E7AE4235ED83A8D0D6)
* [ Test&amp;Target 2.10 ](c_02232012.md#section_C516AC0DC810418CA0A872AFDD791072)
* [ Genesis 3 Maintenance Release ](c_02232012.md#section_E1828181B64144A185CB2623397786DE)
* [ Insight 5.5 ](c_02232012.md#section_F0E89A0F3F77419D851DD304DB5C3260)
* [ Search&amp;Promote 8.7.1 ](c_02232012.md#section_D59562A8755F447CB3E23FA327DD154B)
* [ Survey 3.2 ](c_02232012.md#section_CEEA0127C4D94EA498AB8C709515375D)
* [ Recommendations 2.10 ](c_02232012.md#section_C7801F07DC264F53AA540A5756011D3F)
* [ Scene7 ](c_02232012.md#section_CD5E7693C938467A9E3AA9D8F749F117)
* [ Publish ](c_02232012.md#section_5D4D48D334074F00A2AF5255DA98ECC6)

## SocialAnalytics 1.2 Maintenance Release {#section_6FC3F4B0EAFD48E8BF62BDD294B43A47}

The ` SocialAnalytics` Maintenance Release (02/23/12) includes the following enhancements and fixes: 

* **London Data Center:**The Adobe Data Center in London now supports ` SocialAnalytics`. The London Data Center provides improved performance and faster data processing for customers in Europe, the Middle East, and Africa. For European customers, the London Data Center helps users comply with European Union privacy and data-collection standards.
* **Facebook API Changes:**Because of the changes in the Facebook API, the following events previously tracked by ` SocialAnalytics` are deprecated and replaced by new events: 
<table id="table_270F685CF63A4491A490F99A918E8EBF"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Deprecated Event </th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Replacement Event </th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> <span class="uicontrol"> Page Views </span></p> <p>Counted the number of page views on Facebook pages you control.</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> <span class="uicontrol"> Page Posts Impressions </span></p> <p>Counts the number of impressions that came from all of your posts on the Facebook page you control.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> <span class="uicontrol"> Page Post Comments </span></p> <p>Counted the number of comments made on Facebook pages you control.</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> <span class="uicontrol"> Interactions </span></p> <p>Counts the number of interactions with the Facebook page you control.</p> <p>These interactions include liking your page; posting to your page's wall; liking, commenting on, or sharing one of your page posts; answering a question you posted; RSVPing to one of your events; mentioning your page; phototagging your page; or checking in at your place.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> <span class="uicontrol"> Page Post Likes </span></p> <p>Counted the number of "Likes" for posts created on Facebook pages you control.</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> <span class="uicontrol"> People Talking About This </span></p> <p>Counts the number of people talking about the Facebook page you control.</p> <p>People talking about a Facebook page include liking your page; posting to your page's wall; liking, commenting on, or sharing one of your page posts; answering a question you posted; RSVPing to one of your events; mentioning your page; phototagging your page; or checking in at your place.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>


* **Phrase Matching:**Phrase matching in the Twitter data stream has been enhanced to return more relevant matches if a term contains multiple words.
This release of ` SocialAnalytics` includes the following fixes: 

* Fixed an issue that caused posts to not display in the ` Social Intelligence` report when customers change the number in the ` Page Number` field.
* Fixed an issue that added quotation marks ( ") to the display on the ` Settings` &gt; ` Term Selection` page around terms starting with a hashtag ( # ).
* Fixed an issue that caused all selections to be lost on the ` Settings` &gt; ` Configuration` page when a customer left one eVar, Event, or MultiValue Var deselected and then clicked ` Save`. An error message now displays and prompts you to specify the missing item without losing previous selections.
* Fixed an issue that prevented you from adding a single Facebook page using the ` Settings` &gt; ` Social Properties` page.
* Fixed an issue that caused apostrophes ( ' ) to save as slashes ( / ) when saving a single Facebook page using the ` Settings` &gt; ` Social Properties` page.
* Fixed an issue that prevented terms containing special characters or terms inside long URLs from being collected.
* Improved the data-collection performance on the back-end databases.
* Fixed an issue that sometimes caused the date of Tweets and verbatims displayed in ` SocialAnalytics` to be off by one day. ` SocialAnalytics` now reports the time and date that the tweet was posted using the report suite's time zone.
* Fixed an issue that temporarily caused data collection from social platforms other than Twitter to fail.
* Fixed an issue that prevented tweets in the ` Real-Time Twitter Data Preview` pane from sorting in descending order.
* Fixed an issue that temporarily prevented collection of Facebook "Likes" and comments.
* Fixed several localization issues in the user interface in non-English versions of ` SocialAnalytics`.

For the latest SocialAnalytics information, see the [ SocialAnalytics User Guide ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/sa/index.html#Release%20Notes). 

## SiteCatalyst 15.2 Maintenance Release {#section_8CE3F1367B464AC79C15A7F6A50EC9BA}

The ` SiteCatalyst` 15.2 maintenance release (02/23/12) includes the following enhancements and fixes: 
**Change to Linear Allocation** 
Linear allocation in SiteCatalyst 15 now more closely matches linear allocation used in the SiteCatalyst 14 platform. Specifically, events are evenly distributed across all values of a variable set before the event during the visit.
For example, in a visit where four pages are visited before a success event, each page would receive credit for 25% of the event. If, in the same visit, campaign had two values, each campaign value would receive 50% of the credit for the event.
For details on how this change affects segments and breakdowns, see [ Metric Calculations ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/sc/user/index.html#Metric Calculations) in the SiteCatalyst User Guide. 
**Product Fixes** 

* Fixed allocation for the ` Site Sections Report` to use * ` Most Recent` * allocation instead of * ` Linear` *. This behavior matches the behavior in ` SiteCatalyst` 14.
* Fixed an issue that caused the trend line in the ` Unique Visitor Report` to display incorrectly in some circumstances when the calendar is customized.
* Fixed an issue in ` Admin Console` that prevented calculated metrics that combine total visits or total visitors with commerce metrics from being created or edited.
* Fixed an issue that caused PDF exports of the ` Video Overview Report` to display a URL instead of data in the Totals area.
* Fixed an issue that prevented correlations from displaying in the UI for props 50 - 75.
* Removed custom segments that are not available to the current user from dashboards and bookmarks. This fix addresses an issue that caused data to appear as zeros if the user did not have access to the custom segment.
* Removed calculated metrics that are not available to the current user from the default view of a report. This fix addresses an issue where a report would not load if the user did not have access to the calculated metric.
* Fixed an issue that prevented data extracts from completing successfully if the report name or variable contains an apostrophe.
* Fixed an issue that occurred in Internet Explorer 8 that caused the date selection box to select an incorrect date.
* When filtering report data, "-none" filters line items that match "none" and "unspecified", as well as the translated equivalent to "none" and "unspecified". The translated equivalent to "none" and "unspecified" filter only line items that match the translated string. This change resolved an issue where translated equivalents could not be used to filter these items.

## SiteCatalyst 14.9 Maintenance Release {#section_EF7EEAD893304D74B298725FD693699B}

The ` SiteCatalyst` 14.9 maintenance release (02/23/12) includes the following enhancements and fixes: 

* Fixed an issue that caused the trend line in the ` Unique Visitor Report` to display incorrectly.
* Fixed an issue in ` Admin Console` that prevented calculated metrics that combine total visits or total visitors with commerce metrics from being created or edited.
* Fixed an issue that prevented data extracts from completing successfully if the report name or variable contains an apostrophe.
* When filtering report data, "-none" filters line items that match "none" and "unspecified", as well as the translated equivalent to "none" and "unspecified". The translated equivalent to "none" and "unspecified" filter only line items that match the translated string. This change resolved an issue where translated equivalents could not be used to filter these items.

## AppMeasurement {#section_6A39454E205A4E178D1D4ABF15B2C4BD}

**JavaScript H.24.3** 

* Fixed an issue that caused extra data to be included in the image request for customers using Javascript ` Object.prototype` overrides. All ` Object.prototype` usage is now skipped when handling context data variables.
* Fixed an issue that caused the ` pe` query parameter to be passed twice with the same value in some circumstances.
* Fix to ` ClickMap` tracking in JavaScript to ignore clicks to the body tag, even when the tag has an ` onClick` event handler.
* Added time stamp to variables used with light tracking calls ( ` trackLight`).
**.NET 1.3.7** 

* Windows Phone 7: Fixed an issue that caused the ` offlineThrottleDelay` to not apply correctly. 

* Added time stamp to variables used with light tracking calls ( ` trackLight`).
**iOS 2.1.10** 

* Fixed an issue that caused an ` EXC_BAD_ACCESS` exception in some circumstances when multiple threads attempted to simultaneously make a tracking call.
* Added time stamp to variables used with light tracking calls ( ` trackLight`).
**Android 1.2.2** 

* Fixed an issue that caused link tracking calls to double-URL-encode the ` pev1` - ` pev3` values.
* Added time stamp to variables used with light tracking calls ( ` trackLight`).
**Java 1.2.2** 

* Added time stamp to variables used with light tracking calls ( ` trackLight`).
**Blackberry 1.2.2** 

* Fixed an issue that caused connection issues on some networks if the main application connection string differs from the string used by the ` AppMeasurement` library derives. To resolve this issue, a new method was added to override the automatic detection of transport URL extensions, called ` setTransportUrlExtension`. Additionally, some enhancements were made to way transport URL extensions are detected. See the [ AppMeasurement for BlackBerry Guide ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/sc/appmeasurement/blackberry/oms_sc_appmeasure_blackberry.pdf) for details.
* Added time stamp to variables used with light tracking calls ( ` trackLight`).

## ReportBuilder 4.2.9 Maintenance Release {#section_58B4EB46AEBA44AA825A8F0DDA53E7BD}

The ` ReportBuilder` maintenance release (02/23/12) includes the following enhancements and fixes: 

* Fixed an issue where the order of metrics in the data request were not matching the order specified in the ` ReportBuilder` wizard.
* Fixed a data refresh issue occurring when refreshing one row in a request.
* Fixed a refresh issue causing data to clear from cells.
* Fixed a refresh issue in the ` Last Touch Marketing Channel Report`, occurring when Monthly granularity is selected.
Download the latest version of ` ReportBuilder` in the ` Marketing Cloud` by clicking ** ` SiteCatalyst` ** &gt; ** ` ReportBuilder` **. 
For more information, see the [ ReportBuilder Help System ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/arb/index.html). 

## AudienceResearch 1.1 {#section_4A16EE6BA4C74591A1F7C99FBF99A5FB}

Not updated in this release. See [ AudienceResearch 1.1 ](c_01192012.md#section_E3A4337CFE18468FA64DF3ECE5F17D95) for the latest release notes. 
To log in, see [ AudienceResearch ](http://audience.omniture.com/). 

## AudienceManager 3.2 Maintenance Release {#section_E98618E9A1DC4A5D834E0DD97EFF59ED}

Not updated in this release.

## SearchCenter 4.2 {#section_D48D89D93B044E0494F239D18320647B}

The ` SearchCenter` 4.2 maintenance release (02/23/12) includes the following enhancements and fixes: 

* **Enhanced Workflow:**The left navigation menu has been reorganized to provide quicker access to frequently used features.
* **New Advanced Reports:**Three new advanced reports are available: ` Paid Search Queries`, ` Organic Search Queries`, and ` Internal Search Queries`.
* **Naming Accounts:** When you create a new account, ` SearchCenter` automatically adds (prepends) the platform name to the beginning of the account name you specify. A note has been added to the ` Create Account` dialog box to inform users about this naming convention. 

* **Tablet Targeting:**Tablet Targeting is now supported for Google Campaigns.
* **Geo Targeting:**The interface for Geo Targeting in Google campaigns has been refined.

This release of ` SearchCenter` includes the following general fixes: 

* Fixed an issue that caused report totals to display zeroes if a filter is applied to the report.
* Fixed an issue that caused inaccurate results for the ` Click Through Rate` and ` Cost Per Click` metrics in a campaign-level report if a filter is applied.
* Fixed an issue that caused pre-click data to be classified as *None* if keywords contain characters that are escaped in MySQL queries (for example, apostrophes).
* Fixed an issue that prevented imported files from processing in a timely manner.
* Fixed an issue that caused an error message to display when sorting data in columns. The error message read, "One or more columns cannot be loaded at this time."
* Fixed an issue that caused the minimum keyword bid to be enforced if a customer chose to increase or decrease a bid by 0%. Now, if a customer chooses 0%, no action is taken.
* Fixed an issue that caused two tracking codes to be populated when a URL that is not properly encoded is used as a parameter.
* Fixed an issue that prevented customers from editing OptiMine scenarios.

This release of ` SearchCenter` includes the following account-specific fixes: 
**Google:** 

* Fixed an issue that caused metrics with negative values to display in management screens for metrics that should not have negative values.
* Fixed an issue that caused incorrect cost data to be reported for Google accounts.
* Fixed an issue that caused inaccurate reporting for the ` Average Position` and ` Average Quality Score` metrics for Google accounts in certain circumstances.
* Fixed an issue that caused incomplete data to be collected for Google accounts.
* Fixed an issue that caused data discrepancies between ` SearchCenter` and Google AdWords.
* Fixed an issue that prevented campaigns from importing and synchronizing correctly.
* Fixed an issue that caused ads to be duplicated after a synchronization.
* Fixed an issue that prevented tracking codes from being added to existing destination URLs after synchronization.
* Fixed an issue that caused the ` Average Position` metric in SearchCenter to be inaccurate for Google accounts.

**Microsoft Bing:** 

* Fixed an issue that prevented customers from importing a Bing campaign and resulted in an error message being displayed. The error message read, "TimeZoneType Enabled should be set for the campaign."


For more information, see the [ SearchCenter User Guide ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/scm/index.html). 

## Discover 2.9.6 Maintenance Release {#section_93859078868D47E7AE4235ED83A8D0D6}

The ` Discover` 2.9.6 maintenance release (02/23/12) includes the following fixes: 

* Fixed an issue where some scheduled reports with breakdowns failed to deliver.
* Applied the linear allocation change described in the [ SiteCatalyst 15.2 Maintenance Release ](c_02232012.md#section_8CE3F1367B464AC79C15A7F6A50EC9BA) section.

## Test&Target 2.10 {#section_C516AC0DC810418CA0A872AFDD791072}

Not updated in this maintenance release.
For the latest information, see [ What's New in ` Test&amp;Target` ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/tnt/help/index.html#Release%20Notes). 

## Genesis 3 Maintenance Release {#section_E1828181B64144A185CB2623397786DE}

The ` Genesis` 3 maintenance release (02/23/12) includes the following enhancements and fixes: 

* Added dashboard support for ` DreamMail`, ` Coradiant`, ` MediaMind`, ` Conductor`, and ` 24/7`.
* Added the option to designate the ` DREAMmail` campaign variable for email tracking in step 3 of the wizard.
* Fixed a localization issue in step 4 of the wizard in the ` MediaMind` integration.
* Fixed the ** ` Activate` ** button on the ` Partner Showcase` page so that it displays properly for available products.
For more information, see the [ Genesis User Guide ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/genesis/oms_genesis.pdf). 

## Insight 5.5 {#section_F0E89A0F3F77419D851DD304DB5C3260}

For the latest ` Insight` release notes and documentation, see [ Insight Product Documentation ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/insight/insight_release_notes.pdf?cb=540). 

## Search&Promote 8.7.1 {#section_D59562A8755F447CB3E23FA327DD154B}

The ` Search&amp;Promote` 8.7.1 maintenance release includes the following new features and fixes: 
**New Product Features** 

* Access ` Scene7` assets from within ` Search&amp;Promote`. 

* Configure ` Scene7` banner parameters from within ` Search&amp;Promote`. 

* Apply ` Scene7` banners to business rules. 
  See [ About Banners ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/snp/index.html#About%20Banners) for more information. 

**Product Enhancement** 
* Improvement to search time performance through the addition of support for caching HTC presentation templates to both memory and file.


**Product Fixes** 

* Fixed an issue where adding a user name with leading spaces resulted in an invalid error.

* Fixed issues with Suggestions.

* Only invalidate template file caches on start-servers and not on every Guided Search Apache reload.

* Fixed issues with Did You Mean functionality.

* Fixed index crawling issues with * ` xlhtml` * and * ` ppthtml` *. 

* Fixed the Copy Rule feature that displayed name value as garbage characters.

* Ensured the preservation of time stamps so that template caches are not invalidated.

* Fixed an issue where some change parameters fields were cut off when the scroll bar appeared in the ` Scene7` banner dialog box. 

* Any Business Rule changes you made to ` Scene7` banner parameters worked in the Staging area, but did not take effect when you pushed live. 

For the latest ` Search&amp;Promote` documentation, see [ Search&amp;Promote Documentation Home ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/snp/index.html). 

## Survey 3.2 {#section_CEEA0127C4D94EA498AB8C709515375D}

Not updated in this maintenance release.
For more information about ` Survey`, see the [ Survey User Guide ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/survey/index.html?f=c_Release_Notes). 

## Recommendations 2.10 {#section_C7801F07DC264F53AA540A5756011D3F}

Not updated in this maintenance release.
For the latest ` Recommendations` documentation, see [ What's New in ` Recommendations` ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/rec/#Release Notes). 

## Scene7 {#section_CD5E7693C938467A9E3AA9D8F749F117}

For the latest ` Scene7` release information, [ Scene7 Publishing System Release Notes ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/s7/release_notes/index.html). 

## Publish {#section_5D4D48D334074F00A2AF5255DA98ECC6}

For the latest ` Publish` release information, see the [ Publish Release Notes ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/publish/publish_whatsnew.pdf). 
