---
description: Learn about the latest release and maintenance release (MR) information in the Digital Marketing Suite.
seo-description: Learn about the latest release and maintenance release (MR) information in the Digital Marketing Suite.
seo-title: Release Notes - April 26 2012
solution: Release Notes,Marketing Cloud,Analytics,Social,Target,Media Optimizer
title: Release Notes - April 26 2012
topic: Release notes
uuid: 64b226ed-a800-4e1c-9b77-de90d943804a
index: n
internal: n
snippet: y
translate: y
---

# Release Notes - April 26 2012

**April 26 2012** 

* [Discover 3.0](c_04262012.md#section_0E9A46AEFFCF4EB7A86B4DD03C212FB0) (**updated 5/02/12**)
* [SocialAnalytics 1.2 Maintenance Release](c_04262012.md#section_CDA351EB04664A609CF6B3C8979CC1D0)
* [SiteCatalyst 15.3](c_04262012.md#section_DBB9F669C4E340659A9CC4E738606F34)
* [SiteCatalyst 14.9 Maintenance Release](c_04262012.md#section_591921F6A90D4287AABCB70708AC21AE)
* [AppMeasurement](c_04262012.md#section_2C35DDC1327A450584633AB12E46FB0C)
* [DataWarehouse](c_04262012.md#section_BB98515A37B6468C99B4DB9B8618BE79)
* [ReportBuilder 4.3](c_04262012.md#section_BAF3B235899E40DD831AE0F3CF33E577)
* [AudienceManager 3.3 Maintenance Release](c_04262012.md#section_8C8301F7F63B475A9E558C7657291D7E)
* [SearchCenter 4.2 Maintenance Release](c_04262012.md#section_9B0439CA0BB4421489EEEDE90AEDB9A5)
* [Test&amp;Target](c_04262012.md#section_1EF0F0D1E5384FFCBDF990104172705B)
* [Genesis 3 Maintenance Release](c_04262012.md#section_C47E29393D3E4D708993D430B8457416)
* [Insight 5.5](c_04262012.md#section_28F119F2D4E343E887CF060B871DDF0B)
* [Search&amp;Promote 8.8](c_04262012.md#section_0A16476577CF406DA1F0003AD59ED5A1)
* [Survey 3.2](c_04262012.md#section_17EA8CE1F8774441B84D791A7D603010)
* [Recommendations 2.10](c_04262012.md#section_82674D561B7D4F17869CEADC66706DC9)
* [Scene7](c_04262012.md#section_EEB82DFB75E44D1F989A6055B900DF7A)
* [Publish](c_04262012.md#section_43CACD1433634EC09AAFD5C27F008174)

## Discover 3.0 {#section_0E9A46AEFFCF4EB7A86B4DD03C212FB0}

`Discover` 3.0 provides a more complete perspective on visitor engagement and participation across visit sessions. You can build custom data tables using any combination of dimensions, metrics, and segments. New calendar settings let you apply date ranges, preset dates, rolling date ranges, and custom presets. 
See [New Features in Discover 3.0](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/dsc/index.html?f=c_whatsnew) for more information. 
**Fixes** 

* Fixed login loop occurring if you attempt to login while no licenses are available and your username is in use by discover.
* Fixed the Command Q keystroke feature on the Mac to prompt to save your work before closing.
* Fixed an issue in calculated metrics, where zeros were returned in breakdowns.
* Fixed an issue occurring in date ranges, caused when unsupported locales were read from the operating system.
* Added the ability to select and copy the Totals line from ranked reports.
**Known Issues** 

* **5/02/12**: When a graphics card driver is out-of-date, configured improperly, or not compatible with OpenGL, Discover graphics might not render properly. This issue affects the `Site Analysis Report` in particular. Also, you might experience an abrupt closure of `Discover` with a Java error. See article 12879 in the Knowledge Base for a solution. (In `SiteCatalyst`, click ** `Help` ** &gt; ** `Knowledge Base` **.) 

* A known issue exists for current scheduled reports using a nonstandard month (custom calendar). The scheduler recognizes a custom first day of the week but will continue to use the standard calendar Month, Quarter, and Year for delivery. Existing scheduled reports continue to run on the correct schedules.

## SocialAnalytics 1.2 Maintenance Release {#section_CDA351EB04664A609CF6B3C8979CC1D0}

The `SocialAnalytics` Maintenance Release (04/26/2012) includes the following enhancements and fixes: 
**New features** 
**Historical Twitter Data:**You can now back fill historical Twitter data for selected terms. 
This release of `SocialAnalytics` includes the following general fixes: 
**Fixes and enhancements** 

* Fixed a display issue with the `Popular Terms Word Cloud` on the `Social Overview` report. If a long term (possibly with many positive or negative rule conditions), displayed on the word cloud, the word cloud did not display properly.
* Increased the sample size of influential Twitter posters so that a few high-volume posters do not crowd out other posters.
* Fixed an issue that caused display problems when rendering multi-byte characters in the `Social Intelligence` report.
* Fixed an issue that caused the `Social Intelligence` report to list some dates in the future.

For the latest SocialAnalytics information, see the [SocialAnalytics User Guide](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/sa/index.html#Release%20Notes). 

## SiteCatalyst 15.3 {#section_DBB9F669C4E340659A9CC4E738606F34}

The `SiteCatalyst` 15.3 release (04/26/2012) includes the following enhancements and fixes: 
**New Reports** 
The following reports are re-enabled in SiteCatalyst 15:

* Pages Not Found
* Pathfinder
* Full Path
* Path Length
* Original Entry
* Days Before First Purchase
* All Search Page Ranking Reports
**Bot Traffic Filtering** 
Traffic from known bots and spiders can now be removed from report suites. Bot traffic is collected separately and displayed in two new reports: Bots Report and Bot Traffic Report. See [Bot Rules](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/admin/index.html?f=c_bot rules). 
**Improved Reporting Reporting Limits for Monthly Unique Values** 
When a report has a large number of unique values, SiteCatalyst now includes functionality to ensure that the most important values appear in your report.
At the beginning of each calendar month, SiteCatalyst includes the first 500,000 values received for any single variable in reports. This includes page names, and other traffic and commerce variables. For example, each unique page name on your site counts toward this total.
After 500,000 unique values are received, SiteCatalyst begins to optimize which values are displayed in reports. When new values are received after this threshold, SiteCatalyst initially groups these values in a single line item in reports titled "Uniques Exceeded".
If one of these values begins to receive significant traffic, the value is reported as a separate line item in SiteCatalyst along with the first 500,000 values for the remainder of the month (the first 500,000 values are always reported separately regardless of traffic).
If the number of unique values exceed 1 million in a single month, a second threshold is applied which requires more traffic before a value is reported as a separate line item in SiteCatalyst. For example, a new page that starts to receive 100 hits per day will be reported as a separate line item, but a new page that receives fewer than 10 hits might not.
SiteCatalyst 14 and SiteCatalyst 15 have the same threshold limits before management starts. These thresholds are 500,000 and 1 million unique values by default. All values, including each unique value in "Uniques Exceeded", are available in DataWarehouse reports.
If you have a custom unique value limit, the following applies:

* If you have a uniques limit set to less than 500,000, your limit is used for both the lower and upper thresholds.
* If you have a uniques limit set between 500,000 and 1,000,000 today, your limit is used for the lower threshold and 1,000,000 for the upper threshold.
* If you have a uniques limit set above 1,000,000 today, your limit is used for both the lower and upper thresholds.
**Upcoming Terminology Change to "Uniques Exceeded"** 
Due to the change described in *Improved Reporting Reporting Limits for Monthly Unique Values*, the "Uniques Exceeded" line item will be replaced in a future release with a line item titled "(low-traffic)". 
If you have scheduled reports or other processes that filter "Uniques Exceeded", in a future release you will need to update them to filter "(low-traffic)" instead.
**Change to Unique Visitor Reports** 
Changed SiteCatalyst 15 to match the SiteCatalyst 14 method of reporting Unique Visitors by day. A monthly Unique Visitors Report by day now shows the number of *new* Monthly Unique Visitors each day. Previously this report showed the Unique Visitors by day for each day of the month. Likewise, Daily, Weekly, Quarterly, and Yearly Unique Visitors, when trended by a granularity smaller than the Unique Visitor definition, will always show new Unique Visitors of the selected type during each time period. 
**Visits on Custom Insight Reports** 
The Visits metric is now available on all custom insight reports without enabling pathing.
**Case-Insensitive Traffic Variables in New Report Suites** 
For new report suites that are created after April 26, 2012, values in traffic variables are no longer case sensitive. For these new report suites, case is ignored for props 1-75, page name, server, channel (site sections), download links, exit links, and custom links. SiteCatalyst reports will normally display the first version that was passed in during the month. Data warehouse will use the all-lowercase version.
**Fixes**: 

* Segment names in SiteCatalyst are no longer case sensitive. This resolves issues where a Data Warehouse segment was defined using a lower case value and SiteCatalyst was not finding mixed case values.
* Fixed an issue that prevented some Discover segments from being displayed in SiteCatalyst 15 when they contained the "&gt;" character.
* Change to the trended breakdowns to use visitors instead of visits for the breakdown table when looking at Daily, Weekly, Monthly, Unique Visitors. . This fixes an issue where Unique Visitors for a given day and the Daily Unique Visitors value did not match.
* Fixed issue in ASI that caused eCommerce data to appear as zeros in some circumstances.

* Fixed an issue that prevented list variables from being filtered.
* Fixed an issue that caused some events that are enabled in ClickMap to not show data in ClickMap after v15 migration.
* Fixed an issue that caused visit totals to be doubled in some circumstances when crossing the v15 migration date.
* Fixed an issue that caused monthly granularity data in trended reports to not display in custom calendars that have over 36 days in a month.

## SiteCatalyst 14.9 Maintenance Release {#section_591921F6A90D4287AABCB70708AC21AE}

The `SiteCatalyst` 14.9 maintenance release (04/26/2012) includes the following enhancements and fixes: 

* The change described in the SiteCatalyst 15 new features section, *Improved Reporting Reporting Limits for Monthly Unique Values*, also applies to SiteCatalyst 14.
* Fixed an issue that prevented sorting by change when using the compare dates feature.

## AppMeasurement {#section_2C35DDC1327A450584633AB12E46FB0C}

**JavaScript H.24.4** 
This update is recommended for all customers.

* Made an enhancement to detect when a page is prerendered using Google Chrome Prerender ([https://developers.google.com/chrome/whitepapers/prerender](https://developers.google.com/chrome/whitepapers/prerender)). Since Prerender loads and executes JavaScript and other code, this could result in page views being sent before a user clicks to visit your site. The JavaScript library now waits until the user visits your site before sending server calls for these prerendered pages.
**Flash-Flex 3.4.7** 

* Video measurement: Added handling of inconsistent complete offset reported by Brightcove player API. Now if the offset is reported as zero, on complete we use the length as the offset. This fixes issues with the new method of tracking completes using an offset value.
**.NET 1.3.7** 

* Added support for XBOX.
**iOS 2.1.12** 

* Added support for SiteCatalyst 15 video measurement.
* Resolved issues regarding * `linktrackvars` * and context data.
* Made several additional performance enhancements.

## DataWarehouse {#section_BB98515A37B6468C99B4DB9B8618BE79}

The `DataWarehouse` maintenance release (04/26/2012) includes the following enhancements and fixes: 

* A new lookup file called `column_headers.tsv` will be included in the files delivered as part of all raw clickstream data feeds. This new lookup file contains a single row comprising the list of column names for the data found in `hit_data.tsv`.

## ReportBuilder 4.3 {#section_BAF3B235899E40DD831AE0F3CF33E577}


* You can add segments to multiple requests from the `Edit Group` panel. (In the `Request Manager`, click ** `Select All` **, then click ** `Edit Multiple` **.)
* Support for 64-bit Microsoft Office Excel.
* Support for single sign-on with the `Marketing Cloud`.

## AudienceManager 3.3 Maintenance Release {#section_8C8301F7F63B475A9E558C7657291D7E}

The `AudienceManager` maintenance release (04/26/2012) includes the following enhancements and fixes: 

* Added the `Delivery and Performance` report. Run this report to return data on impressions and clicks.
* Added the `Trait to Trait Overlap` report. This report helps you determine audience overlap among your own traits and between your traits and traits from third-party vendors.
* Redesigned the current `General` and `Custom` reports to match other parts of the AudienceManager user interface. The available features do not change.

## SearchCenter 4.2 Maintenance Release {#section_9B0439CA0BB4421489EEEDE90AEDB9A5}

The `SearchCenter` 4.2 maintenance release (04/26/2012) includes the following enhancements and fixes: 
**New features** 

* **Export Keyword Suggestions:**You can now export keyword suggestions for editing in external applications, such as Microsoft Excel or a text editor.
* **Select Match Type for Keyword Suggestions:**SearchCenter now provides the ability to select `Broad`, `Exact`, or `Phrase` match types for both keyword suggestions and for negative keyword suggestions..
* **Display Custom Group Information in Management Grids:**You can use the column selector in the `Customize Display` window to display `Custom Groups` as a column in Management grids. This functionality is available only at the keywords, ads, and placements levels. The label value in each cell is editable inline.
* **Copy a Bid Rule Action Set:**While creating a bid rule with multiple action sets, you can now copy an action set and edit it to make a new, similar action set.
* **Microsoft Bing Enhancements:**In Microsoft Bing, the number of characters allowed for ad descriptions has been increased to 71 characters. The number of characters allowed for ad group names has been increased to 128 characters.
* **Performance Enhancements:** Many performance enhancements included in this release help reduce page-load times by up to 10 percent.
* **Facebook Support:** As of 4/26/12, Facebook ad buying is no longer supported within `SearchCenter`. Adobe continues to provide Facebook management and optimization through `Efficient Frontier`. Contact your Account Manager for more information.

**Fixes and enhancements** 

* Fixed an issue that sometimes prevented pre-click data from being reported.
* Fixed an issue that caused keyword-level `Avg QS` and `Avg Position` metrics reported in `SearchCenter` to not match the engine's reported metrics.
* Fixed an issue that caused custom group labels to not be applied after a bulk import.
* Fixed an issue that caused the number of keywords ready to import using bulk import to be listed inaccurately.
* Fixed an issue that prevented the bulk export feature from exporting accurate custom group data.
* Fixed an issue that caused data to be reported under the previous account name after renaming the account in `SearchCenter`.

For more information, see the [SearchCenter User Guide](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/scm/index.html). 

## Test&Target {#section_1EF0F0D1E5384FFCBDF990104172705B}

For the latest Test&amp;Target release notes, see [What's New in `Test&amp;Target`](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/tnt/help/index.html#Release%20Notes). 

## Genesis 3 Maintenance Release {#section_C47E29393D3E4D708993D430B8457416}

The `Genesis` 3 maintenance release (04/26/2012) includes the following enhancements and fixes: 

* Fixed display issues in the eVar drop-down menu in IE7.
* Fixed window scrollbar issue in IE7.
* Fixed a variable display issue in the MediaMind integration in `Variable Mapping`.
* Fixed display issue for Chinese characters in the left navigation.
* Fixed button behavior in the Facebook Buzz Monitoring integration wizard.
* Fixed an issue causing the Integration Activity Log to not display the "Some processes were not completed upon edit" error message for integrations that had an activation process warning.
For more information, see the [Genesis User Guide](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/genesis/oms_genesis.pdf). 

## Insight 5.5 {#section_28F119F2D4E343E887CF060B871DDF0B}

For the latest `Insight` release notes and documentation, see [Insight Product Documentation](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/insight/insight_release_notes.pdf?cb=540). 

## Search&Promote 8.8 {#section_0A16476577CF406DA1F0003AD59ED5A1}

The `Adobe Search&amp;Promote` 8.8 release (04/26/2012) includes the following fixes, enhancements, and new features: 
**New features** 

* Dynamic faceting Ability to dynamically facet against a free-form set of attributes associated with each page of site content, that potentially change (new attributes are added, old ones remove or renamed) from index to index. Dynamic faceting automatically maps the slot facets with the real facets. The `Guided Search` layer helps facilitate this feature with business rules. 

* `Adobe Search&amp;Promote` user interface Implemented Adobe user interface across all `Adobe Search&amp;Promote` web pages. 

* Tighter integration with `Omniture`'s login portal `Adobe Search&amp;Promote` customers can use the `Omniture` login portal exclusively. Current `Adobe Publish`, `Adobe SiteSearch`, and `Atomz` customers will continue to use the legacy login. 

* New morphological analyzer for supporting Chinese and Japanese Morphological analyzer is applied on index and on search time for supporting Chinese and Japanese.

* Support for new documents types, such as `Microsoft Office 2010`Search can convert various type of documents, such as `.doc`, `.docx`, `.pdf`, and `.mp3` into HTML before feeding into the indexer. 

* New `Adobe Search&amp;Promote` online Help system Online Help system has a new user interface and is now task-based.

**Fixes and enhancements** 

* Fixed pushing a banner live using `Stage Manager` that resulted in broken `Adobe Scene7` related functionality in live.
* Fixed an issue where editing a rule with the trigger "Query Parameter does not exist" was incorrectly translated to "Keyword contains".
* Fixed an issue where you were unable to edit a parameter the second time around.
* Fixed an issue with `Index Connector` where two or more map definitions cannot point to the same metadata/field value.
* Fixed problems with crawling some PDF documents. Upgrading to 3.03 solves the recent crashes.
* Added the ability for shorter business rules descriptions (for example, not showing field_table in the manager).
* The `Guided Search` navigation menu had a maximum of nine items. Now the maximum is 12.
* Performance improvements made to `Index Connector`.
For the latest `Adobe Search&amp;Promote` documentation, see [Adobe Search&amp;Promote Documentation Home](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/snp/index.html). 

## Survey 3.2 {#section_17EA8CE1F8774441B84D791A7D603010}

Not updated in this release.
For more information, see the [Survey User Guide](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/survey/index.html?f=c_Release_Notes). 

## Recommendations 2.10 {#section_82674D561B7D4F17869CEADC66706DC9}

The `Recommendations` 2.10 maintenance release (04/26/2012) includes the following enhancements and fixes: 
For the latest Recommendations documentation, see [What's New in `Recommendations`](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/rec/#Release Notes). 

## Scene7 {#section_EEB82DFB75E44D1F989A6055B900DF7A}

For the latest `Scene7` release information, [Scene7 Publishing System Release Notes](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/s7/release_notes/index.html). 

## Publish {#section_43CACD1433634EC09AAFD5C27F008174}

For the latest `Publish` release information, see the [Publish Release Notes](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/publish/publish_whatsnew.pdf). 
