---
description: Learn about the latest release and maintenance release (MR) information in the Digital Marketing Suite.
seo-description: Learn about the latest release and maintenance release (MR) information in the Digital Marketing Suite.
seo-title: Release Notes - July 19 2012
solution: Release Notes,Marketing Cloud,Analytics,Social,Target,Media Optimizer
title: Release Notes - July 19 2012
topic: Release notes
uuid: a3841f88-82cd-4b06-b6e1-c14654b94ad0
index: n
internal: n
snippet: y
translate: y
---

# Release Notes - July 19 2012

**July 19 2012** 

* [ SiteCatalyst 15.4 ](c_07192012.md#section_8699E6DB838444ED8360A7D8CE812CAC) (**updated 07/31/2012**)
* [ SiteCatalyst 14.9 Maintenance Release ](c_07192012.md#section_396127C6C5E048EB92814546C072AB0B)
* [ Discover 3.0 Maintenance Release ](c_07192012.md#section_86012BB72471457DBAA7DCE554A06C5D)
* [ SocialAnalytics 1.2 Maintenance Release ](c_07192012.md#section_C7264D22309049B9926675343AF7C405)
* [ DataWarehouse ](c_07192012.md#section_E129CCA2289B4864895A4C0DEB38EC83)
* [ Clickstream Data Feeds ](c_07192012.md#section_5EB34F49EA55423C8BA24DD8D64CD92C)
* [ ReportBuilder 4.3 Maintenance Release ](c_07192012.md#section_ACE6022B607645DA96148E153396591E)
* [ Web Services ](c_07192012.md#section_E0BAC4C9D4D34B80999981915598259C)
* [ AudienceResearch 2.3 ](c_07192012.md#section_4D1997604218454980A836C5CFD62AF8)
* [ AudienceManager Maintenance Release ](c_07192012.md#section_31741877C9C6467BB488AC14DBFB7EBA)
* [ SearchCenter 4.4 ](c_07192012.md#section_714B912C64A64BADBDE3589C5B25FF27)
* [ Test&amp;Target ](c_07192012.md#section_36C57041139043A499BDF115D6E0BF2D)
* [ Genesis 3 Maintenance Release ](c_07192012.md#section_99B1C0217A7942CDB4228C88AC259AAD)
* [ Insight 5.5 ](c_07192012.md#section_9630753E532A475089C9E0DB27D3C1F4)
* [ Search&amp;Promote 8.8.1 ](c_07192012.md#section_39E26028D09049A6BDCE956E6A418C47)
* [ Survey 3.2 Maintenance Release ](c_07192012.md#section_5C4BAAFA2661461BBFE16800C9BAB8B6)
* [ Recommendations 2.10 ](c_07192012.md#section_EC2A13B2281442E48F03D671F3BD1CA1)
* [ Scene7 ](c_07192012.md#section_73F938C212ED4E56B0D1CED7926CE217)
* [ Publish ](c_07192012.md#section_14F764389F234E339DBB1849BA011C3D)

## SiteCatalyst 15.4 {#section_8699E6DB838444ED8360A7D8CE812CAC}

The ` SiteCatalyst` 15.4 release (07/19/12) includes the following enhancements and fixes: 
** ` Mobile Carrier` Report** 
This report shows the wireless service provider (Verizon, AT&amp;T, Sprint, and so on) used by site and app visitors. View this report at ** ` Visitor Profile` ** &gt; ** ` Technology` **. 
**Updated ` Connection Types` Report** 
The ` Connection Types` Report was enhanced to include mobile traffic. 
**Improved Reporting of Internet Explorer Compatibility Mode** 
When Internet Explorer runs in compatibility mode, IE 8 and IE 9 report the user agent as IE 7. This resulted in reports showing increased traffic from IE 7 browsers.
After July 19, 2012, IE 8 and IE 9 are reported as the actual browser version even when compatibility mode is enabled. After this change, you will likely see a significant drop in IE 7 traffic. IE 7 traffic could drop as much as 70%, depending on how many users are in compatibility mode, with a corresponding increase in IE8 and IE9 traffic.
**Rollup Report Suites** 
Rollup Report Suites are now re-enabled in SiteCatalyst 15 and can contain up to 40 child report suites. See [ Rollup Report Suite ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/reference/index.html?f=rollup_report_suite) for details and additional limitations. 
**Enhancement to Typed/Bookmarked Referrer type on Mobile Devices** 
(**updated 7/31/2012**) As of 7/12/2012, mobile devices now report a referrer type of typed/bookmarked if there is no referrer on the first hit of the visit. Previously, if a mobile device did not have a referrer on the first hit of the visit it was considered to not support JavaScript and no referrer was reported. This will typically result in a significant increase in Typed/Bookmarked in the ` Referrer Types` report from that day forward. 
**Fixes:** 

* Added the ability to configure a report suite for ` Mobile Application Tracking` as a beta feature.
* Fixed an issue that caused the ` First Touch` and ` Last Touch Channel Detail` reports to not appear in the menu on report suites with ` SearchCenter` enabled and no classifications created on the Marketing Channel Detail variables.
* Fixed an issue that caused the ` Products Conversion Funnel Report` to not retain applied filters when sending a link to a generated report.
* Fixed an issue that caused values for listvars to display incorrectly when building a segment using ` Segment Builder`.
* Fixed an issue occurring when breaking down a single referrer type (Other Website) by referring domains. This bug returned the full ` Referring Domains Report` instead of the breakdown.
* Fixed an issue displaying double-byte characters on the ` Video Overview Report`.
* Fixed an issue on PDF exports of date compare reports that caused the date to appear in the column header instead of the metric name.
* Fixed an issue that prevented a calendar event from displaying in graphs on Internet Explorer 8.
* Fixed the way Average Time Spent is calculated when crossing the v15 upgrade date. The Average Time Spent now displays a weighted average of the pre-upgrade value and the post-upgrade value instead of the sum of the two values.
* Fixed an issue that caused values for some large numbers to be returned as negative numbers in ranked reports in ` ExcelClient`, ` ReportBuilder`, and in the ` Report.GetRankedReport API`.
* Fixed an issue that caused a recent update to Unique Visitor reports to not work correctly.

## SiteCatalyst 14.9 Maintenance Release {#section_396127C6C5E048EB92814546C072AB0B}

The ` SiteCatalyst` 14.9 maintenance release (07/19/12) includes the following enhancements and fixes: 
** ` Mobile Carrier` Report** 
This report shows the wireless service provider (Verizon, AT&amp;T, Sprint, and so on) used by site and app visitors. View this report at ** ` Visitor Profile` ** &gt; ** ` Technology` **. 
**Updated ` Connection Types` Report** 
The ` Connection Types` Report was enhanced to include mobile traffic. 
**Fixes:** 

* Fixed an issue that caused the 4 week trend line to disappear when changing the month on a custom calendar.
* Fixed an issue that caused an error when a filter was applied on the ` Usage and Access Logs` page in ` Admin Console`.
* Fixed an issue that caused the ` Products Funnel Report` to not retain applied filters when sending a link to a generated report.
* Fixed an issue that caused the total values instead of the filtered values to appear when applying an advanced filter to ` Pathing`, ` Traffic Sources`, and ` Campaigns` reports.
* Fixed an issue that caused some lines to not appear when the dashboard that contains an eVar broken down by another variable is exported in HTML format.
* Fixed an issue that caused the total value displayed on a SAINT report when a filter is applied to show the total of the items on the page instead of the filtered total.
* Fixed an issue that prevented some shared dashboards from being edited even when the correct permissions are assigned.
* Fixed an issue on PDF exports of Date Compare reports that caused the date to appear in the column header instead of the metric name.
* Fixed an issue that prevented a calendar event from displaying in graphs on Internet Explorer 8.
* Fixed the way Average Time Spent is calculated when crossing the v15 upgrade date. The Average Time Spent now displays a weighted average of the pre-upgrade value and the post-upgrade value instead of the sum of the two values.
* Fixed an issue that caused values for some large numbers to be returned as negative numbers in ranked reports in ` ExcelClient`, ` ReportBuilder`, and in the ` Report.GetRankedReport API`.

## AppMeasurement {#section_030E7268B0A94652A4CE6B0A85838493}

**JavaScript AppMeasurement** 

* **H.25**
Made an update to ensure that link tracking completes successfully on WebKit browsers (Safari and Chrome). After this update, download and exit links that are automatically tracked (determined by ` s.trackDownloadLinks` and ` s.trackExternalLinks`) are tracked successfully. If you are tracking custom links using manual JavaScript calls, you need to modify how these calls are made. 
For example, exit and download links are often tracked using code similar to the following:

```
js&lt;a href="http://anothersite.com" onclick="s.tl(this,'o','link name',null)"&gt;
```
FireFox and Internet Explorer execute the track link call and open the new page. However, WebKit browsers might cancel execution of the track link call when the new page opens. This often prevents track link calls from completing when using WebKit browsers.
To workaround this behavior, H.25 includes an overloaded track link method ( ` s.tl`) that forces WebKit browsers to wait for the track link call to complete. This new method executes the track link call and then handles the navigation event, instead of using the default browser action. This overloaded method requires an additional parameter, called ` doneAction`, to specify the action to take when the link tracking call completes. 
To use this new method, update calls to ` s.tl` with an additional ` doneAction` parameter, similar to the following: 

```
js&lt;a href="http://anothersite.com" onclick="s.tl(this,'o','link name',null 
<codeph outputclass="syntax">
  ,'navigate');return false"&gt; 
</codeph outputclass="syntax">
```
Passing 'navigate' as the ` doneAction` mirrors the default browser behavior and opens the URL specified by the ` href` attribute when the tracking call completes. 
See the [ SiteCatalyst Implementation Guide ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/sc/implement/oms_sc_implement.pdf) for additional details. 
**iOS 3.x and Android 3.x Released** 
New versions of the iOS and Android libraries are now available on [ Developer Connection ](https://developer.omniture.com). Key features of these releases include: 

* Streamlined implementation using SiteCatalyst v15 Processing Rules
* Automatic navigation tracking
* Automatic metric collection using context data

>[!NOTE]
>
>The iOS and Android libraries in Code Manager are currently the 2.x versions, which are still supported. Visit the[ Download Mobile SDKs ](https://developer.omniture.com/en_US/devcenter/mobile/show) page on Developer Connection for a link to the libraries. 

**AppMeasurement for Other Platforms** 
See [ AppMeasurement Release History ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/sc/appmeasurement/release/index.html) the following for a release history of ` AppMeasurement` on the following platforms: 

* JavaScript
* iOS
* Android
* Flash-Flex
* Windows Phone, XBOX, Sliverlight, and .NET
* BlackBerry
* Java
* PHP
* Symbian

## Discover 3.0 Maintenance Release {#section_86012BB72471457DBAA7DCE554A06C5D}

The ` Discover` 3.0 maintenance release (07/19/12) includes the following enhancements and fixes: 

* Fixed a start-up issue occurring when using Java 7. (Note: Java 7 is not currently supported.)
* Fixed issues causing exceptions in pie charts and when refreshing summary reports.
* Fixed an issue where the ` Referrers Report` was reporting multiple * ` Unknown` * line items.
* In the ` Schedule Manager`, changed the ID column to sort numerically.
* Changed ** ` File Exit` ** to ** ` File Quit` ** in the ** ` File` ** menu (to improve Japanese translation).
* On ** ` Flow Reports` **, we enabled manual metric selection.
* On the ` Font and Locale` tab in ` Global Settings`, we added ** ` English international` ** to the ** ` Select a locale` ** menu, which provides the international date format.
* Fixed an issue causing discrepancies in dates when moving them between columns and rows in the table.
* Fixed an issue causing segment IDs to change when saving them in ` Discover`, which caused problems if those segments were referenced by ` ReportBuilder`.
* Fixed an issue where identical segments were not returning the same results in certain configuration combinations.

## SocialAnalytics 1.2 Maintenance Release {#section_C7264D22309049B9926675343AF7C405}

The ` SocialAnalytics` maintenance release (07/19/12) includes many back-end enhancements to improve speed and scalability. 
For the latest ` SocialAnalytics` documentation, see the [ SocialAnalytics User Guide ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/sa/index.html#Release%20Notes). 

## DataWarehouse {#section_E129CCA2289B4864895A4C0DEB38EC83}

The ` DataWarehouse` release (07/19/12) includes the following enhancements and fixes: 
**Mobile Carrier Report** 
Added support in ` DataWarehouse` for the new ` Mobile Carrier Report`. 
**Updated Connection Type Report** 
Updated the ` DataWarehouse Connection Type Report` to match the new business logic of the SiteCatalyst Connection Type report. 
**Conversion Variable Instances** 
Added support in ` DataWarehouse` for conversion variable Instances metrics (i.e. evar1 Instances, eVar2 Instances, etc.). 
**Fixes:** 

* When running the ` Entry Pages Report` in ` DataWarehouse`, ` DataWarehouse` now reports the actual entry page for visits that start prior to the report date range and end within the report date range (i.e. visits that cross the start date boundary.) In the past, ` DataWarehouse` would report the first page encountered during the report date range, not the actual entry page.
* Resolved an issue in ` DataWarehouse` where the ` Referring Domains Report` would sometimes include values that were URL-encoded strings that were not actual referring domains.
* Resolved an issue in ` DataWarehouse` where the * ` is not null` * operator in the segment builder was not functioning properly with multi-value variables (e.g. the Products variable.)
* Resolved an issue in ` DataWarehouse` where the * ` less than !` * operation in the segment builder was not functioning properly when applied to a classification.
* Resolved an issue where the * ` Is NULL` * operator in the segment builder was not functioning properly when applied to a classification.
* ` Data Warehouse` now supports Site Catalyst publishing lists for emailing ` DataWarehouse` reports.
* Resolved an issue with the advanced scheduler in ` DataWarehouse`. The advanced scheduler now supports limiting the number of rows returned in a ` DataWarehouse` request. To retrieve all rows, enter * ` 0` * (this is the default setting).

## Clickstream Data Feeds {#section_5EB34F49EA55423C8BA24DD8D64CD92C}

The ` Clickstream Data Feeds` maintenance release (07/19/12) includes the following enhancements and fixes: 
**Connection Type Updates** 
The connection_type column and ` connection_type.tsv` lookup file in data feeds now support the new business logic for the ` SiteCatalyst Connection Type Report`. As part of this, the column and lookup file now include a new connection type of Mobile Carrier. 
**Fixes:** 

* Resolved an issue that caused lockups on certain large volume data feeds.
See the [ Clickstream Data Feeds ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/whitepapers/clickstream/index.html?f=c_new_features) help for more information. 

## ReportBuilder 4.3 Maintenance Release {#section_ACE6022B607645DA96148E153396591E}

Not updated in this release.
For more information, see the [ ReportBuilder Help System ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/arb/index.html). 

## Web Services {#section_E0BAC4C9D4D34B80999981915598259C}

The ` Web Services` maintenance release (07/19/12) includes the following enhancements and fixes: 
**Reporting API** 

* Added 2 additional metrics to the reporting API: ` cpage` (eCommerce page), and ` mobilecarrier` (based on values in the new Mobile Carrier report).
* Added the following additional errors to the reporting API: 
    * 5054 | Report suite not enabled for segmentation
    * 5060 | Cannot access segment
    * 5061 | Segment required
    * 5070 | Report cancelled by system administrator

* Implemented the ` sortBy` parameter in the ` reportDescription` data type in the reporting API.
Visit [ developer.omniture.com ](http://developer.omniture.com) to learn more about Web Services. 

## AudienceResearch 2.4 {#section_4D1997604218454980A836C5CFD62AF8}

The ` AudienceResearch` 2.4 release (07/19/12) includes the following enhancements and fixes: 

* Creation of a portfolio of properties. A portfolio is a group of sites, mobile apps, and digital publications that is created by the publisher.
* Portfolio report: View aggregated metrics (Views, Visits, and Time Spent) across a portfolio of properties. You can see the individual properties contribution to the total.
* Various bug fixes to improve usability.
For more information, see [ AudienceResearch ](http://audience.omniture.com/). 

## AudienceManager Maintenance Release {#section_31741877C9C6467BB488AC14DBFB7EBA}

No updates in this maintenance release.

## SearchCenter Maintenance Release {#section_714B912C64A64BADBDE3589C5B25FF27}

This ` SearchCenter` maintenance release (07/19/12) includes the following enhancements and fixes: 

* Fixed an issue that caused pre-click data in ` Management` to be reported lower than data in the search engine.
* Fixed an issue that caused metrics to display as 0s (zeros) in ` Management`.
* Fixed an issue that prevented ` Management` from loading historical data.
* Fixed an issue that prevented proper sorting of ` Custom Group` labels.
* Fixed an issue that prevented proper sorting on the ` Accounts` page.
* Fixed an issue that prevented proper sorting of keywords.
* Fixed an issue that sometimes caused the ` Change List Synchronization` feature to erroneously delete or pause ads.
* Fixed an issue that prevented results from being found when drilling down to data in newly imported accounts.
* Fixed an issue that caused bulk imports to longer than expected to process.
* Fixed an issue that caused bulk imports to not apply bid rule changes correctly.
* Fixed an issue that caused downloaded reports to not return the requested number of rows.
* Fixed an issue that prevented existing bid rules from displaying in the pop-up window when selecting a bid rule to run.
* Fixed an issue that prevented Google Sitelink ad extensions from synchronizing properly.
* Fixed an issue that caused MSN data retrievals to not process completely.
For more information, see the [ SearchCenter User Guide ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/scm/index.html). 

## Test&Target {#section_36C57041139043A499BDF115D6E0BF2D}

Not updated in this maintenance release.
For the latest information, see [ What's New in ` Test&amp;Target` ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/tnt/help/index.html#Release%20Notes). 

## Genesis 3 Maintenance Release {#section_99B1C0217A7942CDB4228C88AC259AAD}

This ` Genesis` 3 maintenance release includes the following enhancements and fixes: 

* Fixed errors occurring from deleted integrations.
* Fixed an issue causing duplicate bookmarks to display in Public Bookmarks in the Bookmark Manager.
* Fixed an error occurring in the email marketing API integration, occurring when changing the data setting to JavaScript.
For more information, see the [ Genesis Help ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/genesis/index.html). 

## Insight 5.5 {#section_9630753E532A475089C9E0DB27D3C1F4}

For the latest ` Insight` release notes and documentation, see [ Insight Product Documentation ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/insight/insight_release_notes.pdf?cb=540). 

## Search&Promote 8.9 {#section_39E26028D09049A6BDCE956E6A418C47}

**New features** 

* Metadata management improvements - Dynamic metadata definition from customer feeds: Create a scheme to dynamically re-configure your ` Search&amp;Promote` account based on customer-provided metadata definitions. 

* Indexing performance improvements - Index Loader: Index Loader is a new way to import XML content directly into a ` Search&amp;Promote` index. It is a subset of the existing Index Connector functionality that is designed to quickly import our standard XML feed files. 

**Fixes and enhancements** 

* Added support for changing the sort option by a business rule.

* In the Help system ` &lt;search-description&gt;` tag shows the body instead when the meta tag for the description has empty content.
* Added ability to track applicable table hits for results that were added by way of results-based actions.
* Added support for submitting query parameters via POST.
* When crawling, a final mirror_account operation can be skipped in some cases.
* ` SiteCatalyst` URLs do not include CGI arguments and the ` Search&amp;Promote` code that does ` SiteCatalyst` look-ups needed to similarly strip CGI arguments from URL keys.
* Rewrite rules disappeared intermittently from the user interface after they were pushed to live.
* ` Search&amp;Promote` accounts with * ` Did You Mean` * settings that were set to make suggestions due to low results may have intermittent results.
* Fixed rewrite rule test output that did not have line breaks.
* The ` Search URL Rules` page and the ` Crawl List Store URL Rules` page pointed to the wrong History page.
* Clicking ** ` Edit` ** on some banners did not display the ` Edit` page.
* Re-ranking update code could sometimes be extraordinarily slow.
* Removing or pushing a facet item did not work if the facet name used mixed case.
For the latest ` Search&amp;Promote` documentation, see [ Search&amp;Promote Documentation Home ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/snp/index.html). 

## Survey 3.2 Maintenance Release {#section_5C4BAAFA2661461BBFE16800C9BAB8B6}

Not updated in this release.
For the latest ` Survey` documentation, see the [ Survey User Guide ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/survey/index.html?f=c_Release_Notes). 

## Recommendations 2.10 {#section_EC2A13B2281442E48F03D671F3BD1CA1}

For the latest Recommendations documentation, see [ What's New in ` Recommendations` ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/rec/#Release Notes). 

## Scene7 {#section_73F938C212ED4E56B0D1CED7926CE217}

For the latest ` Scene7` release information, [ Scene7 Publishing System Release Notes ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/s7/release_notes/). 

## Publish {#section_14F764389F234E339DBB1849BA011C3D}

For the latest ` Publish` release information, see the [ Publish Release Notes ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/publish/publish_whatsnew.pdf). 
