---
description: Learn about the latest release and maintenance release (MR) information in the Digital Marketing Suite™.
seo-description: Learn about the latest release and maintenance release (MR) information in the Digital Marketing Suite™.
seo-title: Release Notes - August 2011
solution: Release Notes,Marketing Cloud,Analytics,Social,Target,Media Optimizer
title: Release Notes - August 2011
topic: Release notes
uuid: d2215ca3-b800-4c3a-84a0-de43be4e510f
index: n
internal: n
snippet: y
translate: y
---

# Release Notes - August 2011

## Release Notes - August 2011 {#topic_47786D34903F47F3A6B2BD2091D73594}Learn about the latest release and maintenance release (MR) information in the 
<keyword>
 Digital Marketing Suite™
</keyword>.**Updated August 11 2011** 

## SocialAnalytics 1.0 {#section_F682E6635D9C4EF388E603966625D33A}

`SocialAnalytics` helps you understand how conversations in social media (like Twitter and Facebook) affect brand perception, channel activity, and key business metrics. For example, you can know how often a product is mentioned, gauge product sentiment, and then see how social metrics correlate with your key performance indicators in the `SiteCatalyst` `Key Metrics Report`. 
To enable `SocialAnalytics` on your report suites, contact your account manager or ClientCare. 

## SiteCatalyst 15 Maintenance Release {#section_402445D4C77940A782210D1C1526F7B5}


* Fixed a dashboard bug, where reportlets failed to load in Google Chrome.
* Fixed a SAINT Classification eVar issue occurring when trying to export from SiteCatalyst. The issue caused the export to prematurely stop looking for data.
* Fixed an issue causing the `Referring Domains Report` to show no data when using Weekly granularity.
* Fixed list variables to display properly in the reporting menu, after list variables are enabled.
* Fixed an issue in which Trended and Ranked views in Custom Traffic reports displayed different data for the identical date range.
* Fixed a data discrepancy issue between trended and ranked views in Custom Traffic reports. The discrepancy occurred when using the Weekly Unique Visitors metric, an identical date range, and a search filter.
* Fixed an issue causing the `Fallout Report` to not display in a dashboard.
* Fixed an issue where filters were not applying properly to funnel reports in dashboards.
* Fixed an issue in the `Hierarchy Report` using the Monthly Unique Visitor metric, where a single line item was greater than the total for the entire site.
* In the Bounce Rate calculated metric, we fixed the Entries metric so that the formula would calculate properly classifications.
* Fixed an issue where trended `Previous Page` and `Next Page` path reports were not displaying data.
*
* Fixed an issue that prevented updates to the `Metric Gauge` reportlet when you change the report suite.
* Fixed a reportlet load error occurring on the `Pages Report`, when the Average Time Spent metric is applied in conjunction with a data filter.
* Fixed an issue causing segment definition differences in the Segment Builder between Discover and SiteCatalyst.
* Fixed the `Next Site Section Report`, in which data was returning zero if a date comparison was applied.
* Fixed a deduplication issue in Custom Conversion reporting totals, caused when a date range was used rather than date period.
* Fixed a character issue occurring when you edit a dashboard name in Internet Explorer 7.

## SiteCatalyst 14.9 Maintenance Release {#section_F57F87504CAB4DA1AD76569841511DE2}


* In `SAINT Classifications`, we added the ability to use the pound sign (#) as the first character of a key after the header row. This change prevents the text after the pound sign from being commented out of the report.
* Fixed an issue where trended `Previous Page` and `Next Page` path reports were not displaying data.
* Fixed an issue in ReportBuilder, where breakdowns by a classification were working intermittently.


## SiteCatalyst Video Measurement Libraries {#section_C331F8900624420694C0F5F8B2342E77}

This release provides a new version of the `Media Module` that is used to measure video consumption. The new version of the `Media Module` collects video data using Custom Conversion Variables (eVars) and Custom Events. Using these variables to collect video data lets you integrate video data with other `SiteCatalyst` data in your reports (Legacy pev3 video data was collected using a custom variable that prevented integration). This change enhances your ability to analyze the impact of video on other aspects of your online marketing strategy. 
You can implement the new video measurement on `SiteCatalyst` 14 in preparation for your `SiteCatalyst` 15 migration. Integrated video tracking can be implemented on `SiteCatalyst` 14, and is required by `SiteCatalyst` 15. 
For more information, see [Measuring Video in SiteCatalyst](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/sc/appmeasurement/video/index.html). 

## SearchCenter 4.0.1 {#section_48212F8D57AA4E2C874520487EF330C7}

The `SearchCenter` 4.0 release includes the following new features and enhancements: 

* **Requests:**A new Requests feature prompts you to place a view in the `Requests` tray if the view will take a significant amount of time to display. The `Requests` tray displays at the top-left corner of `SearchCenter` and displays a number to inform you that you have the specified number of views that are ready to examine. For example, suppose you have a large number of keywords and you want to view many metrics for the previous 90 days. This task could take several minutes. You can send the view to the `Requests` tray and continue working on other tasks while `SearchCenter` loads the view in the background.
* **First-Page Minimum Bid:**You can choose to automatically increase the minimum bid on keywords to make your ad or search result eligible to display on the first page of the search engine's results.
* **Ad Platform Report:**A new `Ad Platform` report has been added to the standard reports ( ** `Reporting` ** &gt; ** `Standard` ** &gt; ** `Ad Platform` **).
* **Advanced Filter Enhancements:**The following enhancements have been added to the Advanced Filter: 
    * **Filter by Account:**You can now filter by account by clicking ** `Advanced Filter` **, then clicking ** `Account` ** from the `Add Filter Criteria` drop-down list.
    * **Filter by Currency:**You can now filter by currency at the Keyword level by clicking ** `Advanced Filter` **, then clicking ** `Currency` ** from the `Add Filter Criteria` drop-down list.

* **Microsoft Bing Target Devices:**While creating a Microsoft Bing campaign, you can select the devices you want to target: 
    * All Devices
    * Desktop and laptop computers
    * iPhones and other mobile devices with full Internet browsers


* **Microsoft Bing Geo-Targeting:**While creating or editing a Bing campaign, you can target all geographic locations, or you can target specific locations and enable incremental bidding for selected locations.

This release of `SearchCenter` includes the following general fixes: 

* Fixed an issue that prevented `Event History` reports from downloading. An error message indicated that the report was taking too long to be downloaded immediately.
* Fixed an issue that caused charting options (the icons used to change chart types) to display while generating the `Keyword Bid Rule History` report.
* Fixed an issue that sometimes caused an error flag to display at the `Account` level, even though when users drilled down though the various levels, no errors were present.
* Fixed an issue that caused an error flag to display at the `Account` and `Campaign` levels, but displayed an empty error message when clicked.
* Fixed an issue that prevented users from assigning a label to a large number of keywords in a custom group.
* Fixed an issue that prevented the `Suggestions` column from returning results after users added the column to the `Management` page.
* Fixed an issue that caused an erroneous line item to be added to a downloaded CSV report, even though that line item did not display in `SearchCenter`.
* Fixed an issue that sometimes caused bid rule changes, even though no Bid Rules were applied.
* Fixed an issue that prevented a landing page test from displaying data.
* Fixed an issue that caused SKU's assigned to keywords imported using bulk import to disappear.
* Fixed an issue that prevented the `Performed By` column from being populated after user performed a bulk import.
* Fixed an issue that prevented bulk imports from validating.
* Fixed an issue that caused out-of-memory errors during bulk imports.
* Fixed an issue that caused data to remain in an unclassified state after a bulk import.
* Fixed an issue that prevented the `Fetch Keywords` function from performing properly and sent files to the `Files With Errors` folder.
* Fixed an issue that caused trailing whitespace along with trailing characters to be trimmed from the end of group names after a bulk import. Only trailing whitespace should be trimmed. If there is trailing whitespace followed by trailing characters, no trimming should occur.
* Fixed an issue that caused trailing whitespace to not be trimmed from the end of keywords after a bulk import. Trailing whitespace with no trailing characters should be trimmed.
* Fixed an issue that caused metrics to be incorrect and improperly formatted after creating a scenario in `Portfolio Management`.
* Fixed an issue that caused the `Create` button to not display on the `Custom Groups` page.
* Removed an extraneous action to update the destination URL when a user creates an ad in a search engine with the correct tracking code associated and then synchronizes it in `SearchCenter`. `SearchCenter` now checks to see if the ad has the correct tracking code. If the code is correct, `SearchCenter` does not update the destination URL, which makes it so that the ads don't need to be approved on the search engine.
* Fixed an issue that caused child object counts on an account to be larger than expected.
This release of `SearchCenter` includes the following account-specific fixes: 
**Google** 

* Fixed an issue that caused Google cost data to be inaccurate in `SearchCenter`.
* Fixed an issue that caused incorrect Google Average Quality Scores to display in `SearchCenter`.
* Fixed an issue that caused tracking-code classification to fail on a broad-match keyword that begins a plus symbol (+) and contains multiple words.
**Microsoft** 

* Fixed an issue that prevented a Bing bulksheet from properly uploading to `SearchCenter`.

## DigitalPulse 1.6 Maintenance Release {#section_6523A15D22764B93955523A914070819}

The following enhancements and fixes are available in this DigitalPulse release:

* Update Scan Manager Page with the SiteCatalyst 15 look and feel. Action links are now in a drop-down menu next to each scan.
* Extra scan status is now on the Scan Overview page.
* Dial gauges on Scan page are replaced with configurable gauges.
* Download reports are now available in comma or tab-delimited format. Previously, download reports were available in native Excel format only.

## Discover 2.96 Maintenance Release {#section_E96F5BC77E88487D899D2A1F55E58056}


* Fixed an issue that was causing an unusual number of 302 errors.
* Fixed an issue with Count Page Reloads, which occurred when combined with certain segments. The data was not changing correctly when reloads were toggled on and off.
* Fixed the Referrer Instances metric that was reporting high counts.
* Added Does Not Contain to the list of available operators compatible with DataWarehouse.

## DataWarehouse {#section_7809B4781A404FEE83A4060A37B835FB}


* Fixed an issue in which the ** `starts with` ** and ** `does not start with` ** operators in the segment builder were not always working correctly.
* Fixed an issue in which segments based on classifications of values in the product list worked incorrectly in some cases.
* Fixed an issue where segments based on Exit Page were not always functioning correctly.
* Added support in ASI for hits with user-defined timestamps.
* Fixed an issue in which the currency exchange rate was not being taken into account for revenue reporting under certain circumstances.
* Fixed an issue in which custom links, download links, and exit links were not calculated correctly.
* Added support in `DataWarehouse` for reporting and segmentation based on mobile device attributes.

## Survey 3.0 Maintenance Release {#section_44B9C9D3469B466594A4EBEF6B16DFBD}


* Fixed an issue that caused the Adobe `Discover` icon to display in survey results even though the user does not have `Discover` rights.
* Fixed an issue that caused the Quick View Report for Value-Grid questions to display incorrect column labels.
* Fixed an issue that caused row titles in reports to display incorrectly when a Value-Grid question contains an N/A column.
* Fixed an issue that caused a Visitors column and a Page Views column to incorrectly display in `SiteCatalyst` when users clicked the link to `SiteCatalyst` from a question in a report.
* Fixed an issue that caused the link to `SiteCatalyst` from a Value-Grid question in a report to open SiteCatalyst, but the page is empty.
* Fixed an issue that caused the `Search` box to display incorrectly in a report for a free-text question.
* Fixed an issue that prevented an error message from displaying when editing branching when the `Branching Question` box is inadvertently left empty.
* Fixed an issue that prevented all respondent data to be reported after the user paused a survey and then changed the start and end dates to dates in the future.
* Fixed an issue that sometimes caused a fatal-error message to display when previewing a survey.
* Fixed an issue that caused a fatal-error message to display when a survey is scheduled with invalid start and end dates.
* Fixed an issue that caused the `Views` metric to be counted twice for `Invite` surveys.

## Search&Promote 8.5.4 {#section_AE6B63D765E34F4CB45CFE4CF75E74E6}


* When you change a template in Business Rules, the rules are now re-evaluated.
* Option to remove the restriction on adding or deleting results to a search based on the facet that is selected.
* Improved exception handling during an index crawl when bad ports are found.
* Enabled backward compatibility with breadcrumbs.

See [What's New in Search&amp;Promote](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/snp/index.html#What's%20New%20in%20Search&Promote) for the latest information. 

## Recommendations {#section_B5305B08945F47AFB6C54EF555383737}

`Recommendations` was not updated in this maintenance release. For the latest release information, see the [Recommendations - What's New](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/rec/Recommendations.html#What's%20New%20In%20This%20Release) page. 

## Insight 5.4 {#section_522393774D814F699D111869C32F9731}

For the latest `Insight` release information, see [Insight Product Documentation](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/insight/insight_release_notes.pdf?cb=540). 

## Publish {#section_6A6B3012C52B4A8C84A2D90ACB83B996}

For the latest `Publish` release information, see the [Publish Release Notes](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/publish/publish_whatsnew.pdf). 
