---
description: Learn about the latest release and maintenance release (MR) information in the Digital Marketing Suite.
seo-description: Learn about the latest release and maintenance release (MR) information in the Digital Marketing Suite.
seo-title: Release Notes - September 2011
solution: Release Notes,Marketing Cloud,Analytics,Social,Target,Media Optimizer
title: Release Notes - September 2011
topic: Release notes
uuid: 5936d8ba-9258-4bc3-8c20-47829f790116
index: n
internal: n
snippet: y
translate: y
---

# Release Notes - September 2011

## Release Notes - September 2011 {#topic_47786D34903F47F3A6B2BD2091D73594}Learn about the latest release and maintenance release (MR) information in the 
<keyword>
 Digital Marketing Suite
</keyword>.**Updated September 8 2011** 

* [SocialAnalytics 1.1](c_09082011.md#section_F682E6635D9C4EF388E603966625D33A)
* [SiteCatalyst 15 Maintenance Release](c_09082011.md#section_43FA88A2F3C34E49AACD6D8D171F4EEC)
* [SiteCatalyst 14.9 Maintenance Release](c_09082011.md#section_97A1B16087E04A859E965F453526F21C)
* [SearchCenter 4.0.1](c_09082011.md#section_48212F8D57AA4E2C874520487EF330C7)
* [DigitalPulse 1.7](c_09082011.md#section_86FE5F8A1F5B4429BA75F8B94A3AAD58)
* [Discover 2.96 Maintenance Release](c_09082011.md#section_E96F5BC77E88487D899D2A1F55E58056)
* [DataWarehouse](c_09082011.md#section_7809B4781A404FEE83A4060A37B835FB)
* [Survey 3.0 Maintenance Release](c_09082011.md#section_44B9C9D3469B466594A4EBEF6B16DFBD)
* [Search&amp;Promote 8.5.5](c_09082011.md#section_AE6B63D765E34F4CB45CFE4CF75E74E6)
* [Scene7](c_09082011.md#section_DF576DC84CDE4922B37C63A0655D3860)
* [Recommendations](c_09082011.md#section_B5305B08945F47AFB6C54EF555383737)
* [Insight 5.4](c_09082011.md#section_522393774D814F699D111869C32F9731)
* [Publish](c_09082011.md#section_6A6B3012C52B4A8C84A2D90ACB83B996)


## SocialAnalytics 1.1 {#section_F682E6635D9C4EF388E603966625D33A}

**Social Property Reporting** (Facebook pages and Facebook applications): You can track data in SocialAnalytics from social properties that you control. 

## SiteCatalyst 15 Maintenance Release {#section_43FA88A2F3C34E49AACD6D8D171F4EEC}


* Fixed an issue that caused totals on eCommerce overtime reports with Daily granularity to be calculated incorrectly when crossing the Axle migration date.
* Fixed totals from being added together multiple times when multiple metrics across the `SiteCatalyst` 15 upgrade date were selected in the `Account Summary Report`.
* Fixed Weekly granularity data when crossing the `SiteCatalyst` 15 upgrade date.
* Fixed an issue that caused the Exits metric to be set equal to the Visits metric on some reports.
* Fixed an issue that caused the `Marketing Channel Overview Report` to not display data in some circumstances.
* Removed Bounce Rate as an available calculated metric from the `Custom Traffic Report` since the underlying metric is not available.
* Added Instances as an available metric on `Custom Traffic` reports.
* Fixed an issue that prevented DataWarehouse Rules from being displayed in the Segment Definition pop up window.
* Fixed an issue that caused Categories broken down by Product to not display correctly after migration to SiteCatalyst 15.
* Updated the `Referring Domains Report` to display the correct value for Typed/Bookmarked for the Trended View.
* Updated the `Referring Domains Report` to apply the selected page filter to the Instances metric.
* Updated the `Referring Domains Report` so that the Instances metric matches the Instances metric in Discover.
* Made a change to segment definition to correctly match segment definition in `Discover`.
* Fixed an issue with the `Report Suite Summary` reportlet that prevented data that was retrieved across the `SiteCatalyst` 15 upgrade date from being displayed correctly.
* Fixed an issue that prevented data from being extracted from a trended report with a breakdown applied. This issue affected Data Extract, `ReportBuilder`, and the `ExcelClient`.

## SiteCatalyst 14.9 Maintenance Release {#section_97A1B16087E04A859E965F453526F21C}


* Fixed an issue that caused Report API requests to fail or to not return results.
* Fixed an issue that caused the Report API to return an "Invalid Element" error when requesting classifications for some elements.
* Fixed an issue that prevented Daily Unique Visitors from displaying on CustomTraffic variables when the name contains a hyphen.
* Fixed an issue that caused the time zone offset for the report suite to not apply if you schedule a bookmark to be sent via email.
* Fixed an issue that prevented roll-up report suites from displaying the Daily and Monthly Unique Visitors as individual line items.
* Fixed an issue that prevented traffic-only report suites from viewing the `Natural Search Engines` and `Paid Search Engines` reports.
* Updated the `Pages Report` to display Visits as an available metric when breaking down by an eCommerce variable.
* Fixed an issue that prevented results from being found when applying advanced filters to the `Customer Loyalty Report` broken down by the `Search Engine Natural Report`.
* Fixed an issue in `ReportBuilder` that caused an error while trending large numbers of items (20+).

## SearchCenter 4.0.1 {#section_48212F8D57AA4E2C874520487EF330C7}

The `SearchCenter` 4.0.1 Maintenance Release (09/08/11) includes the following new features and enhancements: 

* **Ability to Sort by Attributes in the Advanced Filter:**The `Advanced Filter` now includes a `Sort By` link that lets you choose an attribute and specify whether to sort by ascending or descending order before performing your search.
* **Ability to Filter by Empty or Not Empty Strings:**The `Advanced Filter` now lets you filter by an empty string or by a not-empty string.
* **Bulk Export Enhancements:**When performing a bulk export from a Management page, the columns default to checked or unchecked depending on which columns are currently visible.

This release of `SearchCenter` includes the following general fixes: 

* Fixed an issue that prevented bid rules from running based on a bid trigger.
* Drilling down on error flags now displays objects in all states, rather than showing only active objects. Previously, when error flags displayed in Management screens, and users drilled down to see the individual errors, the errors were not visible because they were associated with paused or inactive objects.
* Fixed an issue that prevented the ** `In` ** field from persisting when performing a find-and-replace operation. Previously, text in the ** `Replace` ** and ** `With` ** fields persisted from one operation to the next, but the ** `In` ** field reverted to the first option in the list. Text in all three fields now persists.
* Fixed an issue that caused the results in Preview to not display or save updated values correctly after performing a `Find &amp; Replace` or a `Formulaic Bid Change`.
* Fixed an issue that prevented keyword values from displaying in emailed reports using the CSV format.
* Fixed an issue that caused the `Advanced Search` feature to return incorrect results.
* Improved performance when filtering from within the `Customize Columns` pop-up window.
* Fixed an issue that caused duplicate accounts to be created when re-activating paused accounts.
* Fixed an issue when logging in to `SiteCatalyst` 15 and accessing `SearchCenter`, reports failed to load and a fatal error was thrown.
* Arraigned the states in the Geo Targeting drop-down list to display in alphabetical order.
* Fixed an issue that caused errors (non-English characters) to display when exporting image and text ads.
* Fixed an issue with the Automated Campaign Generation feature that prevented users from discarding job results.
* Fixed an issue that prevented users from deleting a custom group.

This release of `SearchCenter` includes the following account-specific fixes: 
**Google** 

* Fixed an issue that prevented validation errors from displaying when negative keywords exceeded 80 characters.
* For groups, the following fields can now be edited inline on Management pages for Google accounts: Default Max CPC, Display Network Max CPC, and Max CPM. This functionality existed previously for other accounts.
* Fixed an issue that prevented SiteLinks from being removed from SearchCenter when an associated Google campaign is deleted.
* Fixed a defect in the Requests tray feature that prevented the spinning icon from displaying until the user clicked the Requests tray, even though requests were processing.

**Facebook** 

* Fixed an issue that caused Facebook ads to be incorrectly flagged with errors indicating that the user "must choose an image for your ad" even though images were chosen correctly.
* Fixed an issue that prevented users from deleting Facebook ads from within `SearchCenter`. Previously, the Facebook ads could be deleted in `SearchCenter` but would be present again after synchronization.

**Microsoft Bing** 

* Fixed an issue that caused Geo Targeting to revert to All Locations after synchronizing and then adding another location.
* Fixed an issue that caused an error when creating a Bing campaign with Geo Targeting and incremental bids.


## DigitalPulse 1.7 {#section_86FE5F8A1F5B4429BA75F8B94A3AAD58}

The following enhancements and fixes are available in this DigitalPulse release:

* Fixed an issue that caused a data error to appear in the `Scan` results when the session is expired. A dialog now appears indicating that the session is timed out and that you must re-authenticate.
* Fixed an issue that might cause a `Scan` with a large number of tagged pages (200k+) to time out and to not display data.
* Fixed an issue that caused the `Session Timeout` window to appear in the background.
* Fixed a JavaScript error that caused `Scan Manager` to not load in some circumstances.
* Fixed an issue that prevented `Tag Length` from being used with additional filters.
* Fixed an issue that prevented `Tag Location` from being used with additional filters.

## Discover 2.96 Maintenance Release {#section_E96F5BC77E88487D899D2A1F55E58056}


* Fixed a Custom Events issue causing negative numbers to display in table data.
* Fixed an issue occurring when processing SAINT classification uploads.
* Fixed an issue that was causing some segments to fail to display in `SiteCatalyst` 15 segment folders.


## DataWarehouse {#section_7809B4781A404FEE83A4060A37B835FB}


* Added * `is null` * and * `is not null` * as new operators in the `DataWarehouse` segment builder.
* `Data Warehouse` now supports compression of files over 2GB. Most file compression software handles files of this size. If you experience problems, you might need to update your file compression software.

## Survey 3.0 Maintenance Release {#section_44B9C9D3469B466594A4EBEF6B16DFBD}

You can now use the target attribute within the `&lt;a&gt;` element if HTML is enabled for question text. 

## Search&Promote 8.5.5 {#section_AE6B63D765E34F4CB45CFE4CF75E74E6}

Enhancements:

* Improvements made to the quality of search thereby reducing implementation time. Performance and optimization enhancements to improve overall search response times.
  Includes geo-spatial distance as a factor within ranking/relevancy calculation.
  Proximity Search Relevance: Allow proximity search distance to influence result scores.

* Added missing loop indicator to Guided tags.
* Feeds: Updated the feeds interface.
* Feeds: Google Base is migrating to Google Merchant.
Fixes:

* Query cleaning: deleting a facet removed query from search URL.
* Rules: Support for adding multiple triggers fo keyword matches.
* Data in result-attribute tables were not displayed.
* Non-support users could not edit or delete index connector configurations.
See [What's New in Search&amp;Promote](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/snp/index.html#What's%20New%20in%20Search&Promote) for more information. 

## Scene7 {#section_DF576DC84CDE4922B37C63A0655D3860}

For the latest `Scene7` release information, see [Scene7 Viewers Release Rotes](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/s7/release_notes/index.html). 

## Recommendations {#section_B5305B08945F47AFB6C54EF555383737}

`Recommendations` was not updated in this maintenance release. For the latest release information, see the [Recommendations - What's New](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/rec/Recommendations.html#What's%20New%20In%20This%20Release) page. 

## Insight 5.4 {#section_522393774D814F699D111869C32F9731}

For the latest `Insight` release information, see [Insight Product Documentation](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/insight/insight_release_notes.pdf?cb=540). 

## Publish {#section_6A6B3012C52B4A8C84A2D90ACB83B996}

For the latest `Publish` release information, see the [Publish Release Notes](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/publish/publish_whatsnew.pdf). 
