---
description: Learn about the latest release and maintenance release (MR) information in the Digital Marketing Suite.
seo-description: Learn about the latest release and maintenance release (MR) information in the Digital Marketing Suite.
seo-title: Release Notes - October 7 2011
solution: Release Notes,Marketing Cloud,Analytics,Social,Target,Media Optimizer
title: Release Notes - October 7 2011
topic: Release notes
uuid: 7c5b1045-5b04-408e-be60-0c6f082544a1
index: n
internal: n
snippet: y
translate: y
---

# Release Notes - October 7 2011

## Release Notes - October 7 2011 {#topic_47786D34903F47F3A6B2BD2091D73594}Learn about the latest release and maintenance release (MR) information in the 
<keyword>
 Digital Marketing Suite
</keyword>.**October 7 2011** 

* [SiteCatalyst 15.2](c_10072011.md#section_B00B92B79AFC41DB80C3CA9B3F963266)
* [SiteCatalyst 14.9](c_10072011.md#section_F23C87840D804B7FBC5D462F3BE58879)
* [Survey 3.1](c_10072011.md#section_44B9C9D3469B466594A4EBEF6B16DFBD)
* [Genesis 3.0](c_10072011.md#section_DB1D1E4A19C74270B78D223E4658D056)
* [DigitalPulse 1.8](c_10072011.md#section_0DFA9C60978049238E92BD9E023F0E9A)
* [Discover 2.9.6](c_10072011.md#section_E96F5BC77E88487D899D2A1F55E58056)
* [DataWarehouse](c_10072011.md#section_7809B4781A404FEE83A4060A37B835FB)
* [AppMeasurement](c_10072011.md#section_22F4DF56BB5A4089B77F850F6343831C)
* [ReportBuilder 4.2](c_10072011.md#section_6FB1B52EED62481BA8C2354E6645C6D5)
* [SearchCenter 4.1](c_10072011.md#section_48212F8D57AA4E2C874520487EF330C7)
* [Search&amp;Promote 8.5.6](c_10072011.md#section_AE6B63D765E34F4CB45CFE4CF75E74E6)
* [Scene7](c_10072011.md#section_DF576DC84CDE4922B37C63A0655D3860)
* [Recommendations](c_10072011.md#section_B5305B08945F47AFB6C54EF555383737)
* [Insight 5.4](c_10072011.md#section_522393774D814F699D111869C32F9731)
* [Publish](c_10072011.md#section_6A6B3012C52B4A8C84A2D90ACB83B996)

## SiteCatalyst 15.2 {#section_B00B92B79AFC41DB80C3CA9B3F963266}

New features in 15.2:

* ** `Device Type Report` **: Quickly view details about the mobile phones, tablets, eReaders, and gaming consoles that access your site.
* **Cross-Device Visitor Identification**: Connect visitor profiles across computers, mobile phones, and other web-enabled devices.
* **Processing Rules**: Configure rules to make changes to `SiteCatalyst` data as it is received. Processing rules let you populate variables using the query string, trigger events, and access context data variables.
* **Segmentation in the Report API**: Retrieve reports programmatically based on `SiteCatalyst`, `Discover`, and `DataWarehouse` segments.
* **Improved Geo Accuracy**: A new location database provides more accurate location data.
See the [SiteCatalyst 15 User's Guide](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/sc/user/index.html) for additional details. 
Fixes in SiteCatalyst 15.2:

* Fixed an issue that prevented segmenting `SiteCatalyst` data using a `DataWarehouse` segment that contains a custom event.
* Segments are now editable from the segments drop down menu if the user has the correct permissions.
* Updated segments that have a date range to report the total for the date range instead of the total overall.
* Fixed an issue that caused average time spent to calculate with too high of a value when other metrics are added to a report.
* Fixed an issue that caused some values to be sorted incorrectly on reports that contain the average time spent metric.
* Fixed an issue that caused the `Average Time Spent on Site Report` to not apply the segment.
* Fixed an issue that caused a `SAINT` export file to return an export file for each report suite. `SAINT` now returns one export file per import.
* Added functionality to allow newline characters in `SAINT` export files. This is enabled by selecting the ** `Encoding` ** checkbox on the `Browser Export` page.
* Fixed an issue that caused dashboards to no longer be shared after being edited by the owner.
* Fixed an issue that caused the selected metrics link to not apply changes when different metrics are selected.
* Fixed an issue that caused custom reports to stop working after the user session ended.
* Updated reports to not allow inline graphs to be selected for calculated metrics.
* Fixed an issue that caused an incorrect calculation for daily unique visitors.
* Fixed an issue that caused `DataWarehouse` line items to display incorrectly in the `SiteCatalyst` `DataWarehouse Manager` UI after changing the view setting.
* Updated the Publishing Widget to run in `SiteCatalyst` 15.
* Fixed an issue that caused return visits to be calculated incorrectly when crossing the `SiteCatalyst` 15 upgrade migration date.
* Fixed an issue that prevented correlation using hierarchies.
* Fixed an issue that caused the exclusion of specific traffic from a segment to not be applied correctly.
* Fixed an issue that prevented reports that contain a breakdown filter from displaying correctly in a dashboard.
* Fixed an issue that caused the metric headers to not align properly with the column headers in the `Countries Report`.
* Fixed an issue that caused dashboards to use the currently selected report suite even when the dashboard was for a different report suite.
* Fixed a JavaScript error that prevented dashboards from loading in some circumstances.
* When viewing a dashboard, the report suite selector in the suite header now defaults to none until a report suite is selected. This prevents the segments list from being populated incorrectly.
* Fixed path reports that cross the `SiteCatalyst` 15 upgrade migration date to return pre and post migration data.
* Fixed an issue that caused allocation on instance metrics in `SiteCatalyst` to not match the values in `Discover.`
* Fixed an issue that caused incorrect line item values for video segments on a `Classification Report`. The line items are now equal to the total.
* Fixed the currency sign in downloadable and scheduled reports to match the currency selected for the report suite.

## SiteCatalyst 14.9 {#section_F23C87840D804B7FBC5D462F3BE58879}

The following fixes and features apply to this maintenance release:

* ** `Device Type Report` **: Quickly view details about the mobile phones, tablets, eReaders, and gaming consoles that access your site.
* Fixed an issue that caused a `SAINT` export file to return an export file for each report suite. `SAINT` now returns one export file per import.
* Added functionality to allow newline characters in `SAINT` export files. This is enabled by selecting the ** `Encoding` ** checkbox on the `Browser Export` page.
* Fixed an issue that caused custom reports to stop working after the user session ended.
* The "none" category was renamed to "non-mobile" on `Mobile Reports`.
* Fixed an issue that caused 0 to be returned for lifetime metrics on the `Marketing Channel Report`.
* Fixed an issue in `ReportBuilder` that caused a pages subrelation breakdown by a commerce variable to return no data.
* Fixed the currency sign in downloadable and scheduled reports to match the currency selected for the report suite.
* Updated the Saint API to correctly handle report suites with uppercase characters. These reports suites were returning an access denied message for some calls.

## Survey 3.1 {#section_44B9C9D3469B466594A4EBEF6B16DFBD}

The `Survey` 3.1 release includes the following new features and enhancements: 

* **Advocacy Score Question Type and Reporting:**The `Advocacy Score` question type lets users select an advocacy score from 0 to 10. You can view individual responses or you can view your total advocacy score to gauge how your customers feel about your organization and its products or services.
* **Mobile Device Survey Theme:** You can create surveys using the mobile device theme so that surveys display appropriately on mobile devices.
* **Configuring Surveys for Mobile Devices:** Create and launch surveys designed for `Mobile` devices.
* **Filtering Surveys in the Survey Manager:**You can now filter the list of surveys in the `Survey Manager`.
* **Localized User Interface and Documentation:**In addition to English, the `Survey` UI is available in the following languages: French, Traditional Chinese, Simplified Chinese, German, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, and Spanish.
* **Enhanced Survey Roles and Permissions:** `Survey` roles and permissions have been enhanced to let you grant the following permissions: Activate Surveys, Allow Advanced HTML, Edit Surveys, and View Reports. 
  >[!NOTE]
  >
  >Because permissions for surveys have been enhanced, please review your organization's `Survey` access settings. 

* **Survey Fatigue Settings:**You can configure global ** `Survey Fatigue` ** settings for all surveys in one or more report suites so that each visitor is not presented with too many surveys when visiting your website. These settings let you specify the minimum amount of time between when surveys are presented to each customer. You can also override these settings for individual surveys.
* **Visitor ID Enhancements:** `Survey` uses the Visitor ID if it is available for a mobile survey visitor.
* **Survey Status API:**The new `Survey` API lets you programmatically retrieve details about your surveys for use in other Adobe products, such as Web Experience Management (formerly CQ5).

This release of `Survey` includes the following general fixes: 

* Fixed a display issue that caused the footer content at the bottom of the page to display in front of the expanded `Action Menu` in the `Survey` User Interface.
* Fixed a display issue that caused the question type icons in the `Survey Builder` to display in front of the Import Questions drop-down menu.
* Fixed an issue that caused an error message to be displayed when users attempted to download a `Raw Data Export` report when the survey has no collected data.
* Fixed an issue in branching that caused the target page to display after saving the branch instead of the source page remaining active in edit mode.
* Fixed an issue that prevented a prompt from displaying when users exited a modified theme without saving.
* Fixed an issue that prevented large surveys from being duplicated.
* Fixed an issue that issue that caused questions to be duplicated when copying a survey.

For more information, see the [Adobe Survey User Guide](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/survey/index.html?f=c_Release_Notes). 

## Genesis 3.0 {#section_DB1D1E4A19C74270B78D223E4658D056}

New for Genesis 3.0 is the application console, where you can:

* View active integrations and integrations across all report suites in your company, view activity logs, and get quick help from Adobe.
* Set auto-generated, integration-specific dashboards and bookmarks.
* Configure integrations without having to step through the wizard.
* View partner health status and support communication with Genesis partners.
* View partner FAQs, news, and tips-and-tricks in Genesis.
See the [Genesis User Guide](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/genesis/oms_genesis.pdf) for more information. 

## DigitalPulse 1.8 {#section_0DFA9C60978049238E92BD9E023F0E9A}

The following enhancements and fixes are available in this DigitalPulse release:

* Updated the `DigitalPulse` scanning engine to improve compatibility with some web pages.
* Updated the `Pages with Multiple Tags Report` to display all tags from a page that has multiple tags, including the variables for the primary tag. Each tag on the page is now listed with a number identifying the tag along with the contents of the tag.
* Updated the scan engine to recognize a meta tag with a value of `robots=nofollow`. This tag is treated the same as `robots=noindex`.
* Added the ability for administrators to delete user accounts and scans from the actions menu.
* Fixed an issue with the `Tagged Pages Report` and `Data Errors Report` that caused them to not contain data.
* Removed export limitations to enable exports beyond 100k rows.
* Updated the `Tag Location Report` and the `Tag Length Report` to better process scans over 100k pages.
* Updated the default URL masks to prevent the exclusion of some documents that should be included in a scan.
* Users who access `DigitalPulse` from the Suite menu from their `SiteCatalyst` account are now returned to the `SiteCatalyst` logon page after logout or session timeout. 

* Added a line to the scan log to show the user agent string. The agent string can be set in the scan configuration on the ** `Other` ** tab.

## Discover 2.9.6 {#section_E96F5BC77E88487D899D2A1F55E58056}

The following fixes apply to this maintenance release:

* Fixed an issue causing 302 errors, a generic error that occurs when there are data errors.
* Fixed an issue occurring when generating a segment for trended reports, causing no data to display.

## DataWarehouse {#section_7809B4781A404FEE83A4060A37B835FB}

The following fixes apply to this maintenance release:

* Added Visitor ID as a breakdown. The Visitor ID breakdown is retroactively available and can be requested for dates earlier than this release (10/07/2011).
* Added Total Time Spent as a metric.
* Added Mobile Device Type as a breakdown.
* Fixed an issue where certain long-running DataWarehouse requests were not getting delivered.
* Resolved an issue where DataWarehouse was not handling custom calendars correctly.
* Resolved an issue where date presets such as "last week" were using incorrect date ranges when scheduled on the first day of the period.

## AppMeasurement {#section_22F4DF56BB5A4089B77F850F6343831C}

**JavaScript - 23.8** 

* Fixed an issue that caused the `linkTrackVars=none` and `linkTrackEvents=none` settings to not apply when using automatic exit link tracking. These settings now apply for automatic exit links so that props, eVars, and events are not sent in with the exit link image request.
**AppMeasurement for BlackBerry - 1.3** 

* Updated request transport handling to prevent transport errors when using WAP2. In addition, a new method was added to set the list of available transports. See [AppMeasurement for BlackBerry](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/sc/appmeasurement/blackberry/oms_sc_appmeasure_blackberry.pdf) for details.
**AppMeasurement for iOS - 2.1.3** 

* Improved delegate handling. This fixes an issue that caused the iOS Best Practices Plug-in to crash when bringing the application out of the background.
**AppMeasurement for Symbian - 1.1** 

* Symbian library updated to include the latest Symbian app developer code.

## ReportBuilder 4.2 {#section_6FB1B52EED62481BA8C2354E6645C6D5}

The following fixes apply to this release:

* Added support for `SiteCatalyst` 15-specific features: 
    * Segmentation
    * All commerce reports are fully subrelated
    * Visits and Visitors are enabled for all commerce reports

* Added an option to specify whether typed-in filters should be interpreted as a literal string or as a cell reference by default.
* Resolved an issue where `ReportBuilder`'s date range was not properly reflecting the time zone of the report suite.
* Resolved an issue where "copy/paste relative" was not working properly.
* Added support for breaking down Site Section by Tracking Code.
* Fixed an issue where "specific from list" filters were not working properly.
* Resolved an issue where `ReportBuilder`'s right-click functionality would stop working in certain circumstances.
* Fixed a problem where an error would occur when trying to save a workbook after deleting worksheets that contained data requests.
* Fixed an issue where changes to the date range for a data request were not being saved.

## SearchCenter 4.1 {#section_48212F8D57AA4E2C874520487EF330C7}

The `SearchCenter` maintenance release includes the following new features and enhancements: 

* **Keyword Portfolio Bid Automation:** `SearchCenter` is partnering with OptiMine to provide another bid automation option as a complement to bid rules. Obsolete scenarios and assignments from the former portfolio bid automation system will be removed. Bid rules and bid rule assignments will be maintained, but the associated column in the management interface has been renamed to * `Bid Strategies` *. The new Bid Strategies column combines both types of assignments because campaigns can only be assigned to portfolio scenarios or bid rules. If you are interested in participating in the beta test of the OptiMine integration, please contact your Account Support Manager to negotiate a contract addendum.
* **New Bid Automation Section and Workflow:** `SearchCenter` has a new `Bid Automation` page and enhanced workflow to make creating bid automation strategies easier and more intuitive.
* **Secondary URL for Inventory Management:**Previous versions of the `Inventory Management` feature allowed users to pause keywords related to products that are out of stock. A new field has been added to this feature that allows users to retain that traffic but send them to a backup landing page. For example, if a specific product is out of stock, they keyword's URL can be automatically changed to point at a more general category page.
* **New Google Features:** 
    * **Location Extensions:** `SearchCenter` lets you create Google location extensions to provide search users information to help locate your business. The location information associated with your ads can include: addresses, telephone numbers, company images, and a customizable map icon.
    * **Google Conversions Data:**You can now add the Google Conversions metric to a report or Management view.
    * **Bidding Strategy Enhancements:**SearchCenter has added two additional bidding strategies: `"Automatically Bid Based on Budget"` and `"Automatically Bid Based on Conversions"`.


* **Restructuring of Data Retrievals:** `SearchCenter` now retrieves data from the engines (Google, Bing, Facebook, and Baidu) four times a day (every six hours) to make data more timely and accurate.
* **Report Breakdown Enhancements:**You can now breakdown items on reports by Network (Search Network or Content Network) and by Device (Desktop or Mobile).

This release of `SearchCenter` includes the following general fixes: 

* Fixed an issue that caused duplicate text ad entries in Management views.
* Fixed an issue that caused metric columns to be misaligned in downloaded `.PDF` files.
* Fixed an issue that caused breadcrumbs in Management views to display incorrectly in Internet Explorer 7 when using a smaller window size.
* Fixed an issue that caused metric values to display as 0 when comparing by two date ranges.
* Fixed an issue that caused an error message to display informing users that currencies might be different when using the `Formulaic Bid Change` option. This message displayed only when there were a large number of keywords that would be affected.
* Fixed an issue that caused metric values to disappear from Management views after sorting if the account name was left blank. `SearchCenter` requires that an account have a valid name.
* Fixed an issue that caused accounts to be flagged with errors, but when drilling down, there were no errors.
* Fixed an error that sometimes caused an error to display when using the `Advanced Filter` feature. The error message read, "One or more of the data columns requested for this page cannot be loaded at this time."
* Fixed an issue that caused the ad title/description to be incorrectly formatted in emailed `.CSV` reports if the ad title/description contains commas.
* Fixed an issue when users clicked the `Load More` button at the bottom of the `Import/Export` summary table that resulted in the same list of line items being duplicated.
* Fixed an issue that caused headers to be misaligned when using bulk export to export metrics with custom groups.
* Fixed an issue, when using the `Automated Campaign Generation` feature, which caused validation errors when storing recurring date formats.
* Fixed an issue that prevented reports from showing all campaigns and their metrics.
* Fixed an issue that prevented the `Inventory Management` feature from activating objects as expected in some instances.
* Fixed an issue in the `Inventory Management` feature that caused the Destination URL to be removed when the job runs twice and the SKU is out of stock.
* Fixed an issue that caused all icons in the `Request` tray to display "processing" when the user hovered over the icon with the mouse.

This release of `SearchCenter` includes the following account-specific fixes: 
**Facebook** 

* Fixed an issue that caused Facebook ads to be flagged with an invalid object ID error.
* Fixed an issue that caused an SQL error when attempting to filter by currency when viewing all groups or all keywords.

**Microsoft Bing** 

* Fixed an error that caused keyword destination URLs to display a question mark (?) in Management views when importing Bing keywords that do not contain destination URLs.

For more information, see the [Adobe SearchCenter User Guide](https://microsite.omniture.com/t2/help/en_US/scm/). 

## Search&Promote 8.5.6 {#section_AE6B63D765E34F4CB45CFE4CF75E74E6}

The following fixes apply to this maintenance release:

* Enabled selection between 302 and 301 redirects.
* Enhanced configuration of nested facets.
* Improved proximity search for search relevance.
See [What's New in Search&amp;Promote](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/snp/index.html#What's%20New%20in%20Search&Promote) for more information. 

## Scene7 {#section_DF576DC84CDE4922B37C63A0655D3860}

For the latest `Scene7` release information, [Scene7 Publishing System Release Notes](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/s7/release_notes/index.html). 

## Recommendations {#section_B5305B08945F47AFB6C54EF555383737}

`Recommendations` was not updated in this maintenance release. For the latest release information, see the [Recommendations - What's New](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/rec/Recommendations.html#What's%20New%20In%20This%20Release) page. 

## Insight 5.4 {#section_522393774D814F699D111869C32F9731}

For the latest `Insight` release information, see [Insight Product Documentation](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/insight/insight_release_notes.pdf?cb=540). 

## Publish {#section_6A6B3012C52B4A8C84A2D90ACB83B996}

For the latest `Publish` release information, see the [Publish Release Notes](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/publish/publish_whatsnew.pdf). 
