---
description: Learn about the latest release and maintenance release (MR) information in the Marketing Cloud.
seo-description: Learn about the latest release and maintenance release (MR) information in the Marketing Cloud.
seo-title: Release Notes - October 22 2012
solution: Release Notes,Marketing Cloud,Analytics,Social,Target,Media Optimizer
title: Release Notes - October 22 2012
topic: Release notes
uuid: 278689d3-8d22-43af-8e9d-82f886cc010e
index: n
internal: n
snippet: y
translate: y
---

# Release Notes - October 22 2012

Updated **October 22 2012**

* [The Marketing Cloud](c_10182012.md#section_4C34009B77A34D27A233FDF8DE73FF7D) (**new**)
* [Analytics Reference Help for the Marketing Cloud](c_10182012.md#section_26E5A026D28D4F7CABC0B016D183A786)
* [SiteCatalyst 15.4 Maintenance Release](c_10182012.md#sitecatalyst)
* [SiteCatalyst 14.9 Maintenance Release](c_10182012.md#sitecatalyst14)
* [AppMeasurement &amp; Mobile](c_10182012.md#appmeasurement)
* [Discover 3.1](c_10182012.md#discover)
* [Social 2.1](c_10182012.md#socialanalytics)
* [DataWarehouse](c_10182012.md#datawarehouse)
* [Clickstream Data Feeds](c_10182012.md#datafeeds)
* [ReportBuilder 4.3 Maintenance Release](c_10182012.md#reportbuilder)
* [Web Services](c_10182012.md#webservices)
* [AudienceResearch 2.7](c_10182012.md#audienceresearch)
* [AudienceManager 3.6 Maintenance Release](c_10182012.md#audiencemanager)
* [SearchCenter Maintenance Release](c_10182012.md#searchcenter)
* [Test&amp;Target](c_10182012.md#testtarget)
* [Genesis 3.1](c_10182012.md#genesis)
* [Insight 5.5](c_10182012.md#insight)
* [Search&amp;Promote 8.93](c_10182012.md#searchpromote)
* [Survey 3.4](c_10182012.md#survey)
* [Recommendations 2.10](c_10182012.md#recommendations)
* [Scene7](c_10182012.md#scene7)
* [Publish](c_10182012.md#publish)

## The Marketing Cloud {#section_4C34009B77A34D27A233FDF8DE73FF7D}

We have re-branded the *Digital Marketing Suite* to the *Adobe Marketing Cloud*. This change is one more step toward connecting Adobe's creative and marketing solutions. 
Click [here](http://blogs.adobe.com/digitalmarketing/executive-insights/adobe-is-more-than-photoshop/) to read about what the new brand means to you, and about the five core solutions that will live in the `Marketing Cloud`. 

## Analytics Reference Help for the Marketing Cloud {#section_26E5A026D28D4F7CABC0B016D183A786}

We published the [Analytics Reference](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/reference/index.html), a content resource for analytics users and administrators of the `Marketing Cloud`. Topics include: 

* Administration Console help
* Data collection and variables
* Report descriptions
* Metric descriptions
* Plug-ins
* Terms
Updates to this reference are regular, as it evolves into a primary resource. Please visit it often and send feedback.

## SiteCatalyst 15.4 Maintenance Release {#sitecatalyst}

The `SiteCatalyst` 15.4 maintenance release (10/18/12) includes the following enhancements: 

<table id="table_1D33DF807CD048BBA48D30E8D78F6895"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry">Feature</th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry">Description</th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Current Data reports in SiteCatalyst</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> <span class="keyword">SiteCatalyst</span> now provides <span class="wintitle">Current Data</span> reports that let you see the latest report data with reduced latency. Traffic data displays on <span class="wintitle">Current Data</span> reports within 1 minute, while conversion data displays within 20 minutes. </p> <p>See <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/reference/index.html?f=reports_current_data" format="http" scope="external">Current Data</a>. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Case-insensitive traffic variables for existing report suites</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>You can now configure traffic variables to ignore case on existing report suites. This lets you report mixed-case variations of the same term as a single line item, and reduces cardinality. This change applies to data in SiteCatalyst, Discover, and DataWarehouse.</p> <p>For each report suite, you can ignore case for all traffic variables, or for specific variables only. This can be configured by ClientCare.</p> <p> <b>Impact on SAINT</b> </p> <p>If you are using <span class="keyword">SAINT</span> to classify report suite data that is mixed case historically, we recommend that you do not ignore case for traffic variables at this time. Ignoring case for traffic variables might prevent you from editing classifications for historical case-sensitive data. The ability to edit these classifications for historical data is planned for a future release. </p> <p> <b>Impact on DataWarehouse</b> </p> <p>Previously, <span class="keyword">DataWarehouse</span> ignored case for page, channel, server, custom links, download links, and exit links. After October 18, 2012, unless specifically configured to ignore case, <span class="keyword">DataWarehouse</span> traffic variables will be case-sensitive to match SiteCatalyst. This might impact the data you see in <span class="keyword">DataWarehouse</span> reports after October 18, 2012. </p> <p>If you configure ignore case for traffic variables, case is ignored for all date ranges in <span class="keyword">DataWarehouse</span> reports. For example, if you enable case insensitive traffic variables in October, and then generate a <span class="keyword">DataWarehouse</span> report for the month of September, case is ignored for this report. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

**Fixes** 

* CSV reports are now in ISO 8601 compatible format. You can revert CSV reports to the previous format in ** `Admin` ** &gt; ** `Company` ** &gt; ** `Preferences` **.
* Fixed an issue that caused CSV format `Previous Page` and `Next Page` reports to display incorrectly.
* If a dashboard is taking a long time to download, a message now displays that lets you select to email the dashboard.
* Multi-character delimiters are now supported for specifying hierarchies (for example, "||").
* iPod touch is now classified as a Media Player device on the `Device Type Report`.
* The `Manage Pages` option was removed from `Individual Report Suite Settings` in `Admin Console` as the settings are not relevant for `SiteCatalyst` 15.
* Fixed an issue that prevented segmenting on browser width.
* Fixed an issue that caused weekly granularity totals on trended reports to calculate incorrectly for the week crossing the `SiteCatalyst` 15 upgrade date.
* ** `ClickMap` **: Fixed an issue that caused the "Some Links Not Found" message to not appear when a page contained click data for removed links.

## SiteCatalyst 14.9 Maintenance Release {#sitecatalyst14}

The `SiteCatalyst` 14.9 maintenance release (10/18/12) includes the following enhancements and fixes: 
**Fixes** 

* If a dashboard is taking a long time to download, a message now displays that lets you select to email the dashboard.

## AppMeasurement & Mobile {#appmeasurement}

`AppMeasurement` libraries for all platforms except JavaScript are now hosted on [Developer Connection](http://developer.omniture.com). The latest JavaScript `AppMeasurement` library and your saved code archives are still available in ** `Admin` ** &gt; ** `Code Manager` **. 
**JavaScript AppMeasurement** 
**H25.2** 

* Added support for reporting an additional version number in the JavaScript version report. Previously this version was limited to 2 characters (for example, 1.8). Support was added for a 3 character version number (for example, 1.8.5).
* Fixed an issue with `Tag Manager` that prevented repeated values in Dependant Code blocks from being sent.
**AppMeasurement for Other Platforms** 
See [AppMeasurement Release History](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/sc/appmeasurement/release/index.html) the following for a release history of `AppMeasurement` on the following platforms: 

* JavaScript
* iOS
* Android
* Flash-Flex
* Windows Phone, XBOX, Sliverlight, and .NET
* BlackBerry
* Java
* PHP
* Symbian

## Discover 3.1 {#discover}

`Discover` 3.1 provides more flexible cross-visit analytics and reporting upgrades to accelerate time to insight. This release includes the following enhancements: 

<table id="table_59606BC139144BA39F2721E7907487B4"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry">Feature</th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry">Description</th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">Enhanced Calculated Metrics and Comparisons</td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> <span class="keyword">Discover</span> 3.1 introduces segment comparison and calculated metric enhancements. You can create your own formulas based on combinations of segments and metrics. Two ways are available to create a comparison: </p> <p> <b>Compare columns in the report table</b> </p> 
    <ol id="ol_BB1BED2C392E40F7A709DA354E0B4B01"> 
     <li id="li_36A3966AA89B4A99898F30C3BB998DAE">Right-click columns, then click <span class="uicontrol">Create Calculated Metric</span>. </li> 
     <li id="li_0AE1D1BE4C7C44D998113237C3A77D44">Edit the resulting column.</li> 
     <li id="li_952CD98BEABB41CC8F00C4B09B282E2C">Save it as a new calculated metric.</li> 
    </ol> <p> <b>Build a calculated metric comparison</b> </p> 
    <ol id="ol_3207540EC4CF465D9DB91AB9670A5490"> 
     <li id="li_5521DE8E272C4B76B44726509C9AB42D">In the <span class="wintitle">Metrics</span> tool pane, click <span class="uicontrol">More Actions</span>. </li> 
     <li id="li_2FC89201FBE5405E98D2D121CF73B38E">Click <span class="uicontrol">Calculated Metric Builder</span>. </li> 
    </ol> <p>See <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/dsc/index.html?f=c_whatsnew" format="http" scope="external">What's New in Discover</a> in Help for more information. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">Column Width (Pixels)</td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>You can specify the width of one or more columns.</p> <p>In the table, right-click the column header, then click <span class="uicontrol">Column Width</span>. </p> <p>This option is disabled if <span class="wintitle">Fit to Screen</span> is enabled. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">Tool Pane Tabs</td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Tool panes now incorporate tab functionality, letting you open, close, arrange, and resize the tool panes. This flexibility creates more space to help you display the content you use the most.</p> <p> <span class="uicontrol">Discover</span> creates the tabs for you as you navigate through a tool pane. You can also create new views by dragging tabs within the tool pane. When you exit <span class="keyword">Discover</span>, your last tool pane view is saved. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">Scheduled Reports</td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Seamlessly export reports with improved Excel character and number formatting, data visualizations, and multi-byte character support.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">Window Menu</td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> <span class="keyword">Discover</span> 3.1 adds the <span class="wintitle">Window</span> menu that lets you show and hide tool panels. </p> <p> <span class="uicontrol">Window</span> &gt; <span class="uicontrol">Default View</span> resets your tool panes to the default view. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

**Fixes** 

* `Discover` now exports to the `.xlsx` rather than `.xls` format. This improvement fixes issues affecting international characters and the saving and editing of scheduled reports in Excel.
* Fixed an issue that prevented `Discover` from saving column widths on exit, after applying the `Fit Columns to Screen` setting.
* Fixed an error causing revenue-based dimensions to have the wrong operators in the `Segment Filter Builder`.
* Fixed an issue causing scheduled reports to periodically send a report for the wrong week.
* Fixed an issue occurring when saving projects in the `Fallout Report`.
* Fixed an issue causing an emailed `Fallout Report` to show a truncated graphic.
* Fixed an issue where checkpoints inserted in the `Fallout Report` could be inserted in the wrong place if duplicate checkpoint names exist.
For cumulative release notes, see [Release Notes - Discover](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/dsc/index.html?f=c_release_notes_dsc). 

## Social 2.1 {#socialanalytics}

The `Social` 2.1 release includes the following new features and enhancements: 

<table id="table_7F12FF0D27284798B03E709445387A19"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry">Feature</th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry">Description</th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">Twitter Moderation</td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Adobe <span class="keyword">Social</span> pulls tweets, replies, and retweets from your Twitter accounts so you can moderate them in one convenient application. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">Inline Link Shortening</td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>For Facebook, Google+, and Twitter posts, if you include an inline link, a <span class="wintitle">Track</span> button displays below the text box. Click the <span class="wintitle">Track</span> button to automatically shorten the link and enable link tracking. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">Change Text Direction in a Post</td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>For Facebook, Google+, and Twitter posts, you can click the <span class="wintitle">Text Direction</span> icon to change the text direction. Clicking this icon toggles between left-to-right text and right-to-left text. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">New Basic Elements</td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Social provides the following new basic elements:</p> <p> <b>Color Swatch:</b>Add a <span class="wintitle">Color Swatch</span> element to set the background color for the entire application screen or for just a portion of the screen. </p> <p> <b>Carousel Component:</b>Add an element to any application screen to include a carousel that displays a mix of images or YouTube links. </p> <p> <b>Carousel Selected Item View:</b>Add an element to any application screen to display a larger version of the selected image or YouTube video from the carousel. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">New Contest Elements</td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> The <span class="wintitle">Application Builder</span> provides many new contest elements. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">Restrict Contest Votes</td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>You can restrict the number of votes each user can submit for a contest.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">Application Like Node</td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Define a Like Node for an application.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

The `Social` 2.1 release includes the following fixes and enhancements: 
**Configuration** 

* Fixed an issue that caused a warning message to display stating that classifications will be deleted when users configure `Social Reporting`. This message now displays only when users change eVars for terms.
**Reporting** 

* The competitor list in the `Social Overview Dashboard` is sorted by primary competitor, Like count, then alphabetical order.
* Any logged-in user can see the list of report suites from the `Report Suite` selector, rather than just administrative users.
* Fixed an issue that caused some existing campaigns to not display in the `Campaigns` ribbon chart on the `Social Overview Dashboard`.
* Fixed an issue that caused problems in downloaded CSV reports (some blank verbatims, potential audience listed as -1 or 1, only 99 rows downloaded).
* Fixed an issue that caused all campaign data with the exception of tracking codes to disappear from reports in `Social`.
**Contest Elements** 

* Fixed an issue that caused the `Entry Description` element to accept only five words.
* Fixed an issue that prevented the `Entry Description` element from enforcing a size limit. If the entire description does not display to the user, a scroll bar displays.
* Fixed an issue that prevented the `Entry Search` feature from searching properly when the carousel is ordered by the most votes.
* Fixed an issue that prevented Like stats from being tracked from contest elements.
* Fixed an issue that caused the carousel pagination to not function properly past the fourth frame.
* Fixed an issue that caused contest entries to display more than once in the carousel.
* Fixed an issue that prevented the carousel from displaying all entries.
* Fixed an issue that prevented the carousel from functioning correctly when sorting by votes and filtering by winner.
* Fixed an issue that caused the contest manager to not function properly with more than one chained contest.
* Fixed an issue that caused multiple votes to be submitted when users viewed a gallery and then returned to the gallery after leaving.
**Form Elements** 

* You can now configure an error message for the `Email` element.
* Enhanced form fields so that users cannot bypass required fields by entering spaces.
**Basic Elements** 

* Fixed an issue that prevented the formatting controls from working properly with the Sweepstakes `Rules Link` element.
For the latest `Social` documentation, see the [Social User Guide](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/social/index.html#Home). 

## DataWarehouse {#datawarehouse}

The `DataWarehouse` maintenance release (10/18/12) includes the following enhancements and fixes: 

* Improved `Browser Type` reporting in `DataWarehouse` to more closely match `SiteCatalyst`. Uncommon browsers will be reported as "Other" and cases where no browser was detected will be reported as an empty string (null).
* Corrected inconsistencies between `DataWarehouse` and `SiteCatalyst` related to case sensitivity and traffic variables. Unless traffic variables are configured to ignore case (see [SiteCatalyst 15.4 Maintenance Release](c_10182012.md#sitecatalyst)), `DataWarehouse` now treats the following variables as case-sensitive: page, channel, server, custom link, download link, exit link.
For cumulative release notes, see [DataWarehouse Release Notes](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/reference/index.html?f=data_warehouse_rns). 

## Clickstream Data Feeds {#datafeeds}

Not updated in this maintenance release.
See the [Clickstream Data Feeds](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/whitepapers/clickstream/index.html?f=c_new_features) help for the latest information. 

## ReportBuilder 4.3 Maintenance Release {#reportbuilder}

The `ReportBuilder` 4.3 maintenance release (10/18/12) includes the following fixes: 

* Changed the help format from the delivered HTML installed help to the standard [browser](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/arb/index.html) format. This change lets Adobe update help content between releases as needed.
* Added `Hourly` granularity to the `Custom Link Report`.
* Updated the `External Campaigns Report` to properly display the Click-Throughs metric label.
For cumulative release notes, see [ReportBuilder Help](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/arb/index.html?f=release_notes_arb). 

## Web Services {#webservices}

The `Web Services` maintenance release (10/18/12) includes several internal fixes and the following enhancements: 

* Comments on articles and in forum posts can now be edited.
* Added new Genesis 3.1 APIs.
* Added a Validate option to the report queue methods to pre-validate report request to prevent reports with errors from being placed in the queue.
* The cPage element and cVisits, cVisitors, cEntries, cExits metrics are deprecated. Update your reports to use page, visits, visitors, entries, and exits respectively.
* Added * `Survey.GetSurveyDefinition` * API to retrieve details about a survey.
Visit [developer.omniture.com](http://developer.omniture.com) to learn more about Web Services. 

## AudienceResearch 2.7 {#audienceresearch}

The `AudienceResearch` 2.7 release (10/18/12) includes the following enhancements: 

* Categorization of properties by content type.
* Backfill data for digital publications and mobile applications.
* Internal and external reports for multiple issues.
* Internal and external reports for single issues.
* Pre-fill On Sale date for a magazine issue.
For more information, see [AudienceResearch](http://audience.omniture.com/). 

## AudienceManager 3.6 Maintenance Release {#audiencemanager}

The AudienceManager 3.6 maintenance release (10/18/12) includes the following enhancements and fixes:

* **Algorithmic Modeling:** This new feature helps you discover and target new, unique audiences through automated data analysis. For more information, see the [Models section](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/demdex/index.html?f=c_models) of the `AudienceManager` User Guide.

## SearchCenter Maintenance Release {#searchcenter}

This `SearchCenter` maintenance release (10/18/12) includes the following general fixes and enhancements: 

* Fixed an issue that prevented data from displaying in `Management` screens with the message "The data reflected in this report is currently incomplete."
* Fixed an issue that caused results outside of advanced filter settings to display when sorting data.
* Fixed an issue that prevented the advanced filter from returning expected data.
* Fixed an issue that prevented rolling dates for bookmarks from working correctly.
* Fixed an issue that prevented dashboards from being able to display reportlets.
* Fixed an issue that prevented the `Event History` report from displaying all applicable data.
* Fixed an issue that caused the number of items displayed in the `Organic to Paid Keywords` report to be incorrect.
* Fixed an issue that caused data to be classified as "None."
* Fixed an issue that caused data discrepancies between Account-level and Campaign-level reporting.
* Fixed an issue that caused the bulk import/export process to prepend the engine name to campaign names.
* Fixed an issue that caused metric discrepancies when exporting multiple ad groups and combining them for reporting. The numbers did not match those obtained by exporting each ad group separately.
* Fixed an issue that caused keyword custom group assignments to not display in `Management`.
* Fixed an issue that prevented users from removing landing page tests.
* Fixed an issue that caused the `Automated Campaign Generation` feature to disregard the `Ignore Duplicate Content` option, which prevented users from processing subsequent FTP files.
* Fixed an issue that prevented bid rules from being evaluated and processed.
* Fixed an issue that caused duplicate text ads to display in `Management`.
This `SearchCenter` maintenance release includes the following account-specific fixes: 
**Microsoft Bing** 

* Fixed an issue that prevented `SearchCenter` from connecting with the Bing host.
**Yahoo Japan** 

* Fixed an issue that prevented the `Automated Campaign Generation` feature from functioning correctly with Yahoo Japan.
* Fixed an issue that caused data retrievals for Yahoo Japan accounts to fail.
For more information, see the [SearchCenter User Guide](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/scm/index.html#Release%20Notes). 

## Test&Target {#testtarget}

For the latest information, see [What's New in `Test&amp;Target`](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/tnt/help/index.html#Release%20Notes). 

## Genesis 3.1 {#genesis}

`Genesis` 3.1 includes the following enhancements and fixes: 

* Added the ability to add, edit, or delete processing rules in the `Dev Center`. 
  >[!NOTE]
  >
  >You must become[certified](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/home/index.html#kb-processing-rules-authorization) to create and edit processing rules. 

* When mapping variables the wizard, you can now specify whether to keep the variable name rather than renaming the variable to the mapped (friendly) name.
* Fixed an issue causing the session to end if you click ** `More Actions` ** &gt; ** `Edit Layout in SiteCatalyst` **, requiring another log-in.
* In the `Dev Center`, we added the ability to specify a menu name when you add a new product.
* Fixed an issue in the `Dev Center` that caused an error when you click ** `Go to Sandbox` ** in a report tab, when editing a new product.
* Added email verification on the `Create Support Ticket` page in a product integration.
* Fixed an issue that blocked `Step 2` from displaying in the `Atlas DMT` integration.
For cumulative release notes, see [What's New in Genesis](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/genesis/index.html?f=c_whatsnew_genesis). 

## Insight 5.5 {#insight}

For the latest `Insight` release notes and documentation, see [Insight Product Documentation](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/insight/insight_release_notes.pdf?cb=540). 

## Search&Promote 8.93 {#searchpromote}

`Adobe Search&amp;Promote` 8.93, released 1 November 2012, includes the following new feature, fixes, and enhancements: 


<table id="table_27B1D387802541DB80C450DEB838D020"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry"> <p>New feature</p> </th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry"> <p>Description</p> </th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Facet Rail</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> 
     <!--3309390--> Added the new <span class="uicontrol">Facet Rail</span> option to help give you greater control over the ordering of facet families and facet names (by count, alphabetical). </p> <p>See <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/snp/index.html?f=c_about_facet_rails" format="http" scope="external">About Facet Rail</a>. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

**Fixes and enhancements** 
* Added a multi-line ** `Notes` ** field to the `Add Ranking Metric` dialog box and the `Edit Ranking Metric` dialog box for ranking rules and rule group definitions. 
  Ranking rule notes are displayed on the `Define Ranking Rules` page. Rule group notes appear when you edit the definition. 
  See [About Ranking Rules](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/snp/index.html?f=c_About_Ranking_Rules). 

* Fixed an issue where business rules worked inconsistently when there was a `Stage` index. 

* Autoranking rules are now applied to canned landing pages.
  See [Ranking Rule options](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/snp/index.html?f=r_Ranking_Rule_options). 

* Added support for alternate sorting of nested facets.
  See [About Facet Rail](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/snp/index.html?f=c_about_facet_rails). 

* Fixed an issue where `promosearch.cgi` was not returning promotions. 
  See [About Searches](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/snp/index.html?f=c_About_Searches). 

* Improved landing page support by removing natural results in a business rule using the new ** `Remove All Results` ** option. 
  Use this new option in conjunction with other business rule actions to create "canned landing pages". That is, you want to create a page's content by business rule actions exclusively and you need to discard the "natural" results of the search.
  See [Adding a new business rule](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/snp/index.html?f=t_Adding_a_new_business_rule) or [Editing a business rule](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/snp/index.html?f=t_Editing_a_business_rule). 

* Fixed an issue where pushing rules that referenced many banners sometimes failed.
  See [About Banners](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/snp/index.html?f=c_About_Banners). 

* Added a support option where you can conditionally opt out pushing banners live when the business rule that references the banner is pushed live.

* ** `Did You Mean` ** search query caching is now disabled. 
  See [About Did You Mean](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/snp/index.html?f=c_About_Did_You_Mean). 


For the latest `Adobe Search&amp;Promote` documentation, see [Search&amp;Promote Documentation Home](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/snp/index.html). 

## Survey 3.4 {#survey}

The `Survey` 3.4 release includes the following new features: 

| Feature |Description |
|---|---|
| Enable Question Notifications |Enable notifications for a survey question or response. You can select a question and its answer to trigger the notification. You can send an email message or call a JavaScript function when the conditions are met. |
| Survey Definition API |The `Survey Defintion API` lets you programmatically retrieve the definition for a specific survey.  |

The `Survey` 3.4 release includes the following fixes and enhancements: 

* Fixed an issue that caused the dates for scheduled survey to change.
* Fixed an issue that prevented a survey from being paused when users click `Enable Editing` on a pending survey.
For more information, see the [Survey User Guide](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/survey/index.html?f=c_Release_Notes). 

## Recommendations 2.10 {#recommendations}

For the latest Recommendations documentation, see [What's New in `Recommendations`](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/rec/#Release Notes). 

## Scene7 {#scene7}

For the latest `Scene7` release information, [Scene7 Publishing System Release Notes](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/s7/release_notes/index.html). 

## Publish {#publish}

For the latest `Publish` release information, see the [Publish Release Notes](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/publish/publish_whatsnew.pdf). 
