---
description: Learn about the latest release and maintenance release information in the Marketing Cloud.
seo-description: Learn about the latest release and maintenance release information in the Marketing Cloud.
seo-title: Release Notes - November 8 2012
solution: Release Notes,Marketing Cloud,Analytics,Social,Target,Media Optimizer
title: Release Notes - November 8 2012
topic: Release notes
uuid: ddcde689-6785-480d-bb83-9aa765083eca
index: n
internal: n
snippet: y
translate: y
---

# Release Notes - November 8 2012

**November 8 2012** 

* [The Marketing Cloud](c_11082012.md#section_4C34009B77A34D27A233FDF8DE73FF7D)
* [Documentation Changes](c_11082012.md#section_26E5A026D28D4F7CABC0B016D183A786)
* [SiteCatalyst 15.4 Maintenance Release](c_11082012.md#section_F58703967003417F975A8E7E60301367)
* [SiteCatalyst 14.9 Maintenance Release](c_11082012.md#section_8A60F89C309F47479832D68C372A3377)
* [Social 2.1 Maintenance Release - Updated 11/14/2012](c_11082012.md#section_F7D93A0F77AA429D92BC28113F4520FC)
* [AppMeasurement &amp; Mobile](c_11082012.md#appmeasurement)
* [Discover 3.1 Maintenance Release](c_11082012.md#section_3243F46536FA47C39FEE56AC95544A4B)
* [Genesis 3.1 Maintenance Release](c_11082012.md#section_563119AE5F114AE29E6D9B097A1B210A)
* [DataWarehouse](c_11082012.md#datawarehouse)
* [Clickstream Data Feeds](c_11082012.md#datafeeds)
* [ReportBuilder 4.3 Maintenance Release](c_11082012.md#section_44BC53FBFAC64D2E96181C43E70CF8E6)
* [Web Services API](c_11082012.md#webservices)
* [AudienceResearch 2.8](c_11082012.md#section_EF6F4F02F634466E806D4FDD2A80B538)
* [Search&amp;Promote 8.9.3](c_11082012.md#searchpromote)
* [AudienceManager Maintenance Release](c_11082012.md#section_9B675758B4C84C4D9D8FACFA14BB4220)
* [Insight 5.5](c_11082012.md#insight)
* [Recommendations 2.10](c_11082012.md#recommendations)
* [Scene7](c_11082012.md#scene7)
* [SearchCenter 4.4 Maintenance Release](c_11082012.md#section_453CC0A63EFA4B3791F2AC73D22F2DB6)
* [Survey 3.4 Maintenance Release](c_11082012.md#section_19276F107B554AAA80D676E31E52A2E3)
* [Test&amp;Target 3.1](c_11082012.md#section_CA6C9B0EF8C2484CA7AD03753C901F9F)

## The Marketing Cloud {#section_4C34009B77A34D27A233FDF8DE73FF7D}

The *Digital Marketing Suite* is now the *Marketing Cloud*. Visit the [Marketing Cloud](https://www.adobe.com/solutions/digital-marketing.html?promoid=JOLIT) page at Adobe to learn more. 

## Documentation Changes {#section_26E5A026D28D4F7CABC0B016D183A786}

We published the [Analytics Reference](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/reference/index.html), a content resource for analytics users and administrators of the `Marketing Cloud`. Topics include: 

* `Administration Console` help
* Data collection and variables
* Report descriptions
* Metric descriptions
* Plug-ins
* Terms
Updates to this reference are regular, as it evolves into a primary resource. Please visit it often and send feedback.

## SiteCatalyst 15.4 Maintenance Release {#section_F58703967003417F975A8E7E60301367}

The `SiteCatalyst` 15.4 maintenance release (11/08/2012) includes the following improvements: 

<table id="table_1D33DF807CD048BBA48D30E8D78F6895"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry">Feature</th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry">Description</th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> <span class="keyword">TagManager</span> </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>All <span class="keyword">SiteCatalyst</span> customers received access to <span class="keyword">TagManager</span> on 11/01/2012. <span class="keyword">TagManager</span> is the standard deployment method for Adobe <span class="keyword">Marketing Cloud</span>products. </p> <p>See <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/sc/implement/index.html?f=tag_manager" format="http" scope="external">TagManager</a>. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

**Fixes** 

* Fixed an issue that caused data to repeat when a different page was selected when viewing unique visitors on the `Mobile Devices Report`.
* (Adobe `Social` Customers only) Fixed an issue that caused some `SiteCatalyst` metrics to not appear on the `Add Metrics` window on reports that also contained `Social` metrics.
* Fixed an issue that caused totals on the trended `Time Spent per Visit Report` when crossing the `SiteCatalyst` 15 upgrade date to be calculated incorrectly.
* Fixed an issue on trended reports involving custom reporting periods that start or end with partial days, weeks, or months (based on the selected granularity). These periods reported incorrectly when crossing the `SiteCatalyst` 15 upgrade date.
* Fixed an issue that caused the `Page Name` tool to not work for report suites that first used the tool after the August Maintenance Release.
* Added line items "1680 x 1050," "1366 x 768", and "1920 x 1080" to the `Monitor Resolution Report`.
* Fixed an issue that caused trended `Classification Hierarchy Reports` to time-out in some circumstances.

## SiteCatalyst 14.9 Maintenance Release {#section_8A60F89C309F47479832D68C372A3377}

The `SiteCatalyst` 14.9 maintenance release (11/08/2012) includes the following improvements: 

* Added line items "1680 x 1050", "1366 x 768", and "1920 x 1080" to the `Monitor Resolution Report`.

## Social 2.1 Maintenance Release - Updated 11/14/2012 {#section_F7D93A0F77AA429D92BC28113F4520FC}

The `Social` maintenance release (11/14/12) includes the following new features and enhancements: 

<table id="table_4AFE196494A6408790ACDBB2D0F3FE5E"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry">Feature</th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry">Description</th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">Filter Feed on Moderation Status in Twitter Moderation</td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Display or hide tweets from your feed based on status (read, unread, flagged, replied to, and so forth).</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">Saved Filters in Twitter Moderation</td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>You can now save and quickly load filters when using the Twitter moderation features in <span class="keyword">Social</span>. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">Escalation Management in Twitter Moderation</td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Assign tweets to individuals in your organization for follow-up and resolution.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">Retrieve Direct Messages into Twitter Moderation</td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Pull direct messages into <span class="keyword">Social</span> from Twitter accounts for which you have the appropriate permissions. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

See the [New Features in Social](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/social/index.html?f=c_rel_notes) for more information. 
The `Social` maintenance release (11/08/12) includes the following new features and enhancements: 

| Feature |Description |
|---|---|
| Facebook Targeting | Adobe `Social` lets you use demographic targeting to publish Facebook content, including Facebook Post Ads (sponsored stories).  |
| Tracking Code Customization | You can customize the tracking code with your own prefix and an optional date (for example, " `mycampaign_20121018_1234`").  |
| Blacklisted Terms |Added a list of blacklisted terms that are not allowed as single, initial terms. |
| User, Groups, and Permission Synchronization | The User, Groups, and Permissions synchronization has been improved between the Adobe `Marketing Cloud` and Adobe `Social`. When enabled, this feature synchronizes information and eliminates the need to create and edit users and groups in two places ( `Administration Console` and `Social`).  |
| Twitter Image Publishing |Adobe `Social` lets you publish images to Twitter.  |

**Fixes** 

* Fixed an issue that caused a missing thumbnail when publishing Facebook stream applications.
* Fixed an issue that caused two Share links to display on Facebook posts.
* Fixed an issue that caused bit.ly links to lose campaign parameters.
* Fixed an issue that prevented all available metrics from displaying in the `Metric Selector` in reports.

## AppMeasurement & Mobile {#appmeasurement}

`AppMeasurement` libraries for all platforms except JavaScript are now hosted on [Developer Connection](http://developer.omniture.com). The latest JavaScript `AppMeasurement` library and your saved code archives are still available in ** `Admin` ** &gt; ** `Code Manager` **. 
**JavaScript `AppMeasurement`** 
Not updated in this maintenance release.
** `AppMeasurement` for Other Platforms** 
See [AppMeasurement Release History](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/sc/appmeasurement/release/index.html) the following for a release history of `AppMeasurement` on the following platforms: 

* JavaScript
* iOS
* Android
* Flash-Flex
* Windows Phone, XBOX, Sliverlight, and .NET
* BlackBerry
* Java
* PHP
* Symbian

## Discover 3.1 Maintenance Release {#section_3243F46536FA47C39FEE56AC95544A4B}

The `Discover` 3.1 maintenance release (11/08/2012) includes the following improvements: 

<table id="table_0E4644A7B09F49EFAF081AC00D40577B"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry">Feature</th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry">Description</th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Processing Rule Support</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Some Genesis integrations can now be enabled using processing rules, rather than requiring customers to add JavaScript plug-ins to their tracking code.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>TagManager Support</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Some Genesis integrations can now be enabled through TagManager integration, rather than requiring customers to add JavaScript plug-ins to the tracking code.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Multiple Dashboards</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Multiple dashboards can now be added to the dashboard tab of a Genesis integration, including custom dashboards created by customers in SiteCatalyst.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Ad Server Attribution De-duplication</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>All Genesis Ad Serving integrations now have the option to de-duplicate visitors (and their resulting site/conversion metrics). This includes visitors coming through Display clicks and view-throughs, and search clicks through SearchCenter. This de-duplication can happen within the SearchCenter variable (eVar) only, within the Genesis Ad Serving variable (eVar) only, or within both variables.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Classification and Calculated Metrics Enhancements</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Classifications and Calculated Metrics can now be renamed inside the Genesis wizard or in the Admin Console, without disrupting data imports from Genesis partners. Classifications and Calculated Metrics for active integrations can now be viewed under an integration's data settings.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>


* Fixed an issue in segments and metrics, where clicking `Save As` was overwriting the original item, rather than saving a new copy.
* The first day of the date range in the Table Builder was not included when building a table using `Daily` granularity.
* Fixed an issue causing the locale to revert to English from Japanese when using `Referrer Type` in a segment.
* Fixed an issue causing the trend line to not display in the `Fallout Report`. This issue occurred if `Month` was selected in the calendar.
* Fixed an issue in `Chart Options`. The `Chart Options` panel would not display if the `Tool` panel was dragged horizontally and sized too large.
See [Discover New Features](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/dsc/index.html?f=c_whatsnew). 

## Genesis 3.1 Maintenance Release {#section_563119AE5F114AE29E6D9B097A1B210A}

`Genesis` 3.1 (11/08/2012) includes the following enhancements and fixes: 

* `Wizard`: Fixed an event-mapping issue causing an error to occur when deactivating an `ExactTarget` integration.
* `Dev Center`: Fixed an issue in the `Dev Center` that allowed a classification to be created on an optional eVar or prop. Added a warning indicating when this issue occurs.
* `Dev Center`: Fixed a classification issue where selecting Numeric or Numeric 2 as a sub-classification reverted the selection to * `Text` *.
* `Dev Center`: Fixed a page-not-found error, which occurred when you preview a product.
* `Dev Center`: Fixed an issue causing classifications and calculated metrics to be removed when you duplicate a product.
* `Dev Center`: Fixed an error occurring when editing a product if more than one product information fields contain non-ASCII characters.
See [What's New in Genesis](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/genesis/index.html?f=c_whatsnew_genesis) for new release information for `Genesis`. 

## DataWarehouse {#datawarehouse}

The `DataWarehouse` maintenance release (11/08/2012) includes the following enhancements and fixes: 

* Corrected an issue with the JavaScript breakdown. In the past, the dimension values for this breakdown were numerical values. Now the dimension values are enabled or disabled as they are in `SiteCatalyst`.
See [DataWarehouse Release Notes](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/reference/index.html?f=data_warehouse_rns) for cumulative release notes. 

## Clickstream Data Feeds {#datafeeds}

Not updated in this maintenance release.
See the [Clickstream Data Feeds](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/whitepapers/clickstream/index.html?f=c_new_features) help for the latest information. 

## ReportBuilder 4.3 Maintenance Release {#section_44BC53FBFAC64D2E96181C43E70CF8E6}

`ReportBuilder` 4.3 (11/08/2012) includes the following enhancements and fixes: 

* Fixed a date issue causing missing data when a workbook is scheduled.
* Improved metric mapping to ensure that certain calculated metrics would be available in `ReportBuilder`.
* Added a validity check when creating a request with a custom date. If your custom date is invalid, `ReportBuilder` issues an invalid date warning.
* Added request scanning to ensure validity of scheduled requests.
See [ReportBuilder Release Notes](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/arb/index.html?f=release_notes_arb) for cumulative release notes. 

## Web Services API {#webservices}

The Web Services maintenance release (11/08/2012) includes the following enhancements and fixes:
Added the following parameters to the `Report.ReportResponse` data type returned by `Report.GetReport`. 

* `waitSeconds` - the time in seconds this report waited in the queue before being run. A high value here is indicative of a large amount of report requests for a single company.
* `runSeconds` - the time in seconds this report took to process and return data. A high value here is indicative of a complex report or large date range.
Added `ReportSuite.getNavigationMenu` and `ReportSuite.saveNavigationMenu` to the Admin API. 
Visit [developer.omniture.com](http://developer.omniture.com) to learn more about the Web Services API. 

## AudienceResearch 2.8 {#section_EF6F4F02F634466E806D4FDD2A80B538}

`AudienceResearch` 2.8 lets publishers self-report their demographic information for digital publications and mobile apps. 
See [AudienceResearch](http://audience.omniture.com/) for more information. 

## Search&Promote 8.9.3 {#searchpromote}

`Adobe Search&amp;Promote` 8.9.3, released 1 November 2012, includes the following new features, enhancements, and fixes: 

<table id="table_27B1D387802541DB80C450DEB838D020"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry"> <p>New features and enhancements</p> </th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry"> <p>Description</p> </th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Facet Rail</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> 
     <!--3309390--> Added the new <span class="uicontrol">Facet Rail</span> option to help give you greater control over the ordering of facet families and facet names (by count, alphabetical). </p> <p>See <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/snp/index.html?f=c_about_facet_rails" format="http" scope="external">About Facet Rail</a>. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Nested facets</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Added support for alternate sorting of nested facets.</p> <p>See <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/snp/index.html?f=c_about_facet_rails" format="http" scope="external">About Facet Rail</a>. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Notes field</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> 
     <!--3063772--> Added a multi-line <span class="wintitle">Notes</span> field to the <span class="wintitle">Add Ranking Metric</span> dialog box and the <span class="wintitle">Edit Ranking Metric</span> dialog box for ranking rules and rule group definitions. </p> <p>Ranking rule notes are displayed on the <span class="wintitle">Define Ranking Rules</span> page. Rule group notes appear when you edit the definition. </p> <p>See <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/snp/index.html?f=c_About_Ranking_Rules" format="http" scope="external">About Ranking Rules</a>. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Business rules</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> 
     <!--3331637--> Improved landing page support by removing natural results in a business rule using the new <span class="uicontrol">Remove All Results</span> option. </p> <p>Use this new option in conjunction with other business rule actions to create "canned landing pages." That is, you want to create a page's content by business rule actions exclusively and you need to discard the "natural" results of the search.</p> <p>See <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/snp/index.html?f=t_Adding_a_new_business_rule" format="http" scope="external">Adding a new business rule</a> or <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/snp/index.html?f=t_Editing_a_business_rule" format="http" scope="external">Editing a business rule</a>. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Banners and business rules</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Added a support option where you can conditionally opt out pushing banners live when the business rule that references the banner is pushed live.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

**Fixes** 
* Business rules worked inconsistently when there was a `Stage` index. 

* Autoranking rules are now applied to canned landing pages.
  See [Ranking Rule options](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/snp/index.html?f=r_Ranking_Rule_options). 

*
* `promosearch.cgi` was not returning promotions. 
  See [About Searches](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/snp/index.html?f=c_About_Searches). 

* Pushing rules that referenced many banners sometimes failed.
  See [About Banners](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/snp/index.html?f=c_About_Banners). 

* ** `Did You Mean` ** search query caching is now disabled. 
  See [About Did You Mean](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/snp/index.html?f=c_About_Did_You_Mean). 


See [Search&amp;Promote Documentation Home](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/snp/index.html) for the latest `Search&amp;Promote` documentation. 

## AudienceManager Maintenance Release {#section_9B675758B4C84C4D9D8FACFA14BB4220}

This `AudienceManager` maintenance release (11/08/12) includes the following enhancements and fixes: 

* **DIL API:** Added `GA.init`, a module that lets you send data from some Google Analytics function calls to `AudienceManager`. See [DIL Modules](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/demdex/index.html?f=c_dil_mods).
* **Auditude Data Integration:** Send `AudienceManager` segment data to `Auditude` with this integration path. See [AudienceManager - Auditude Data Integration Guide](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/demdex/?f=c_integration).

## Insight 5.5 {#insight}

See [Insight Product Documentation](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/insight/insight_release_notes.pdf?cb=540) for the latest `Insight` release notes and documentation. 

## Recommendations 2.10 {#recommendations}

See [What's New in `Recommendations`](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/rec/#Release Notes) for the latest `Recommendations` documentation. 

## Scene7 {#scene7}

See [Scene7 Publishing System Release Notes](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/s7/release_notes/index.html) for the latest `Scene7` release information. 

## SearchCenter 4.4 Maintenance Release {#section_453CC0A63EFA4B3791F2AC73D22F2DB6}

This `SearchCenter` maintenance release (11/08/12) includes the following general fixes and enhancements: 

* Fixed an issue that prevented `Management` from loading properly when applying advanced filters.
* Fixed an issue that prevented users from exporting the `First Page Min Bid` for keywords using the bulk export feature.
* Fixed an issue that caused the campaign copy feature to create four duplicate campaigns.
* Enhanced the `Advanced Filter` functionality to accept negative numbers when searching for a range between two numbers (for example, -3 and 1).
See the [SearchCenter User Guide](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/scm/index.html#Release_Notes) for more information. 

## Survey 3.4 Maintenance Release {#section_19276F107B554AAA80D676E31E52A2E3}

The `Survey` maintenance release (11/08/12) includes the following new enhancements: 

| Feature |Description |
|---|---|
| Sentiment Analysis |You can optionally disable sentiment analysis for a report suite. For more information, contact your Adobe Account Manager. |

See the [Survey User Guide](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/survey/index.html?f=c_Release_Notes) for more information. 

## Test&Target 3.1 {#section_CA6C9B0EF8C2484CA7AD03753C901F9F}

This Test&amp;Target release (11/08/12) includes the following enhancements and fixes:


<table id="table_5A4288DF17D147CB839C7FC72D470A1A"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry">Feature</th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry">Description</th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">Reusable segments</td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Segments enable you to target your campaign at visitors who meet very specific criteria. Segments are used in Test&amp;Target anywhere targeting is available. When targeting a campaign, you can either select a reusable segment from the Segments list or create a campaign-specific segment and target it. For more information, see <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/tnt/help/#About_Segments" format="http" scope="external">About Segments</a>. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">Improved date selection</td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> A new calendar-based date and time selector allows for greater ease in scheduling of your different campaigns within the campaign creation process. See <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/tnt/help/#Campaign_Start_and_End_Dates" format="http" scope="external">Campaign Start and End Dates</a>. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">Default host group for reporting</td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> You are now able to group your real production hosts into their own new host group, instead of relying on a default "production" host group, to allow for more efficient reporting. See <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/tnt/help/#Set_the_Default_Host_for_Reporting" format="http" scope="external">Set the Default Host for Reporting</a>. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">New HTML Offers APIs</td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>New APIs enable you to create, get, and list HTML offers. See <a href="https://developer.omniture.com/en_US/documentation/test-target/r-test-and-target-api-sample-code" format="https" scope="external">https://developer.omniture.com/en_US/documentation/test-target/r-test-and-target-api-sample-code</a>. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">Improved geotargeting interface</td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>If geotargeting is enabled for your site, You are now able to select your geotargeting rules from a smart search dropdown menu box and selection process, rather than using offline CSV files. See <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/tnt/help/#Target_Based_on_Geography" format="http" scope="external">Target Based on Geography</a>. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">Updated available social targets</td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>The available social targets have been updated to reflect current trends. For example, Pinterest has been added as a target. See <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/tnt/help/#Understanding_the_Targeting_Interface" format="http" scope="external">Understanding the Targeting Interface</a>. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">Improved Campaign Create API validation</td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Error messages are more clear through this improved Campaign Create API validation.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

Test&amp;Target 1:1 has been updated with the following features:


| Feature |Description |
|---|---|
| Response weighting at the offer and modeling group level |For each offer and modeling group, the marketer can mark a "value" for the offer. This weighting is used to show the more valuable items more often than the low value offers. |
| Optimize on any single step |Allows marketers to choose a campaign success metric for optimizing the model, but to keep tracking visitor behavior for reporting purposes beyond that success metric. The model can optimize on an action close to the served content, but the marketer can clearly understand the final ROI on conversion for the campaign. This feature applies to both: 1:1 campaigns and optimizing campaigns. |

