---
description: New features and fixes in Experience Manager.
keywords: release notes
seo-description: New features and fixes in Experience Manager.
seo-title: Experience Manager
solution: Experience Cloud,Release Notes
title: Experience Manager
---

# Experience Manager

Release date: **February 20 2014**

* [ Marketing Cloud and Shared Capabilities ](02202014.md#concept_8ABF3457CA104FB3926CF984A9642F69)
* [ Adobe Analytics ](02202014.md#concept_30A0CA30F9C14CCC88B819F4CE8A2F73)
* [ Adobe Social ](02202014.md#concept_E8ECA0AE9197488BB1836CE21E36830A)
* [ Adobe Target ](02202014.md#concept_3BDAC918AAB24829989A95676C08730D)
* [ Media Optimizer ](02202014.md#concept_5D473CC444A3439EAB5C8FCABBD5F781)
* [ Experience Manager ](02202014.md#concept_BB636E487A584CBDAE3578BBA3E12116)
* [ Collaboration and Sharing Interface ](02202014.md#concept_8ABF3457CA104FB3926CF984A9642F69/section_5AD81B0737C843AFB4BE9C4420D70EB3)
* [ Dynamic Tag Management ](02202014.md#concept_8ABF3457CA104FB3926CF984A9642F69/section_80F6D89166164A5180A302C10352576C)
* [ Adobe Mobile Services ](02202014.md#concept_8ABF3457CA104FB3926CF984A9642F69/section_6349293559DE4FBDB2BF0514E1C01482)
* [ Data Connectors ](02202014.md#concept_8ABF3457CA104FB3926CF984A9642F69/section_FFA1D17E376D475ABC73A41BB7591543)
## Collaboration and Sharing Interface (Feeds and Boards) {#section_5AD81B0737C843AFB4BE9C4420D70EB3}

**Planned release date**: February 24, 2014 release.

<table id="table_DFAB002358C94A17A7F91DAB323A488F"> 
 <tgroup cols="2"> 
  <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1" colwidth="1.00*" /> 
  <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2" colwidth="2.71*" /> 
  <thead> 
   <tr> 
    <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Feature </th> 
    <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
   </tr> 
  </thead> 
  <tbody> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> <p>OEmbed </p> </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p> 
      <!--MAC-18548-->OEmbed sharing is now supported on more sites. </p> <p>See <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mcloud/oembed.html" format="http" scope="external"> Embedding Content </a> in <span class="keyword"> Marketing Cloud </span> help. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> <p>Refresh Data </p> </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p> 
      <!--MAC-18174-->The <span class="uicontrol"> Refresh Data </span> icon for a graph on a card is now hidden if the solution does not allow a data refresh. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> <p>Join Marketing Cloud </p> </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p> See <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mcloud/link_accounts.html" format="http" scope="external"> Join the Marketing Cloud </a> for information about linking your solution accounts ( <span class="keyword"> Analytics </span>, <span class="keyword"> Social </span>, and <span class="keyword"> Target </span>) with your Adobe ID. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
  </tbody> 
 </tgroup> 
</table>

Fixes:

* Fixed an issue that prevented shared `keyword  Analytics` reports from applying segment filters.
* Fixed an issue causing solutions to display on the `wintitle  Marketing Cloud Solutions` page as linked, even if the solutions accounts were not linked.
* Fixed an issue that prevented `keyword  Adobe Target` customers in Asia from being able to click the `uicontrol  Continue to Marketing Cloud` button on the linking page.
* Fixed an issue that prevented the sharing of Youtube videos.
See [ Known Issues ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mcloud/#mc-release-notes/release-notes-14-2-1/known-issues) for more information.

See [ Getting Started with Adobe Marketing Cloud ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mcloud/home.html) for product help.

## Dynamic Tag Management {#section_80F6D89166164A5180A302C10352576C}

>[!NOTE]
>
>Dynamic tag management releases weekly. See[ What's New in Dynamic Tag Management ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/dtm/whatsnew.html) for the most current release information.
See [ Dynamic Tag Management Help ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/dtm/dtm_home.html) for more information.

## Adobe Mobile services {#section_6349293559DE4FBDB2BF0514E1C01482}

Adobe Mobile services bring together mobile marketing capabilities for mobile applications from across the `keyword  Adobe Marketing Cloud`. Initially, the Mobile service provides seamless integration of app analytics and targeting capabilities from the `keyword  Adobe Analytics` and `keyword  Adobe Target` solutions. Learn more at [ Adobe Mobile services documentation ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mobile/).

Fixes for the February 2014 release:

* If you log in using an Adobe ID that is not yet mapped to an Analytics account, you are now redirected to Marketing Cloud to map your accounts.
* Fixed an issue that caused the chart to not display in some circumstances on a totals report.
* Added a "starts with" filter using the caret (^) character, so you can now filter on var contains "^value" to match values starting with "value".
* Fixed an error that occasionally occurred when using Target functionality for the first time.
* Changed the default privacy status in the mobile SDK configuration file to opted in (Send data until the user opts out).
* Corrected the SDK documentation to indicate that the configuration value for opt unknown is "optunknown".
* Changed behavior of help tooltips to close on second click.
* Fixed View States report interactions on iPad.
* Made output form fields, such as rsid, selectable.
* Fixed getting an unnecessary "Are you sure you want to leave?" prompt.
[ Top ](02202014.md#concept_8ABF3457CA104FB3926CF984A9642F69)

## Data Connectors {#section_FFA1D17E376D475ABC73A41BB7591543}

Features added to the February 20, 2014 release.

<table id="table_EB94D3CC88724F2DABEFC726A3DF5430"> 
 <tgroup cols="2"> 
  <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1" colwidth="1.00*" /> 
  <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2" colwidth="2.22*" /> 
  <thead> 
   <tr> 
    <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Feature </th> 
    <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
   </tr> 
  </thead> 
  <tbody> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> <p>Paid Keywords and Natural Keyword breakdown data 
      <!-- DATACON-470--></p> </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>Customers can grant partners the access permission to Paid Keywords and Natural Keywords breakdown data. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> <p>Separating optional variables 
      <!-- DATACON-3296--></p> </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>Partners can separate the optional variables in different processing rule groups. This prevents the mutual effect between multiple processing rules when customers do not specify any mapping variables for the optional ones. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> <p>Silverpop - Client-specific tracking code 
      <!--DATACON-3186--></p> </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>When customers activate a Partner Silverpop integration in data connectors, a client-specific tracking code (tag) from Silverpop will be provided. You can also import the tag into <span class="wintitle"> Adobe Tag Manager </span>. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
  </tbody> 
 </tgroup> 
</table>

## Web Services {#section_234EA9BDE9AB4944A6D97D143E336793}

The Reporting and Admin 1.4 web services APIs are now available, and were enhanced with the following capabilities:

* oAuth Authentication
* Pathing support (Next/Previous Page, Next/Previous Page Flow, Path Finder, Fallout)
* Enhanced permissions
* Robust error reporting with more descriptive messages. Over 50 new error messages were added to the Reporting API.
* Additional enhancements, including simplified report definitions, and better consistency across the API.
* Smarter defaults to make it easier to get started.
* Major rework of many of the methods to make them easier to use.
* Hundreds of bug fixes.
See [ Reporting API 1.4 What's New ](https://developer.omniture.com/en_US/documentation/analytics-reporting-1-4/whatsnew) and [ Admin API 1.4 What's New ](https://developer.omniture.com/en_US/documentation/analytics-administration-1-4/whatsnew-1) for details.

API version 1.3 continues to be supported, though we encourage customers to migrate to the 1.4 API to leverage these improvements.

API version 1.2 is now deprecated (security fixes only) and is scheduled for end-of-life early 2015.

[ Top ](02202014.md#concept_8ABF3457CA104FB3926CF984A9642F69)

* [ New Features in Analytics ](02202014.md#concept_30A0CA30F9C14CCC88B819F4CE8A2F73/section_226154B1441C478387C5C49FC0BF8CC7)
* Fixes:
    * [ Marketing Reports &amp; Analytics ](02202014.md#concept_30A0CA30F9C14CCC88B819F4CE8A2F73/section_9493BB6A60CB4ACDA4FFDA7F005EC31A)
    * [ Report Builder ](02202014.md#concept_30A0CA30F9C14CCC88B819F4CE8A2F73/section_DCEDAE09A2DC4FFA8C6EEBA5D6EB58C8)
    * [ Ad Hoc Analysis ](02202014.md#concept_30A0CA30F9C14CCC88B819F4CE8A2F73/section_642A2BA2BA994BB8B6E0DCD1FE3F66E9)
    * [ Data Workbench (Analytics Premium) ](02202014.md#concept_30A0CA30F9C14CCC88B819F4CE8A2F73/section_7BF8920CB7884C71A5703C6F14AF5597)
    * [ Data Warehouse ](02202014.md#concept_30A0CA30F9C14CCC88B819F4CE8A2F73/section_23F16B5749A341BE84BD7E23875416D5)
    * [ Clickstream Data Feeds ](02202014.md#concept_30A0CA30F9C14CCC88B819F4CE8A2F73/section_B200909431004B2E86A45A829201C23C)
    * [ AppMeasurement and Mobile SDKs ](02202014.md#concept_30A0CA30F9C14CCC88B819F4CE8A2F73/section_A3814753948D412EB94AEFEDFB2100D0)
  
## New Features in Analytics {#section_226154B1441C478387C5C49FC0BF8CC7}

>[!NOTE]
>
>**Important note for all customers using data feeds:** Over the coming months, Adobe is increasing the size of many data feed fields. These changes provide additional functionality in `wintitle  Adobe Analytics`. However, the larger fields could have an impact on customer ETL (extract, transform, load) processes that ingest data feed data. To prepare for this change, all customers should complete the changes explained in [ Data Feed Column Expansion ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/sc/clickstream/?f=datafeeds_whatsnew).
<table id="table_F1867D450A0F48EBAFD4B1C7DBE903E7"> 
 <tgroup cols="2"> 
  <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1" colwidth="1.00*" /> 
  <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2" colwidth="1.81*" /> 
  <thead> 
   <tr> 
    <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Feature </th> 
    <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
   </tr> 
  </thead> 
  <tbody> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> Processing Rules enhancements </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>Processing rules have been enhanced with the following new features: </p> 
     <ul id="ul_C2B855393D6E44F98FD823E935621DBC"> 
      <li id="li_5D89842908DE431787D0CF7E67BE9D5B">Max rules increased from 50 to 100 for each report suite. UI enhancements were also made to improve performance when displaying large numbers of rules. </li> 
      <li id="li_588B807900294B268AA2510D87411D15">"Else" condition support for rules lets you take action when a condition is not met. </li> 
      <li id="li_AC73CFCEF64A494C9CE0D91ADAE18D79">When copying rules between report suites, you can now append rules to the target report suite rather than overwriting all rules. </li> 
      <li id="li_462FF30319CB4BE7A70EB778F9A139B9"> When setting an event value with context data, empty context data variables no longer increment events. </li> 
     </ul> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> Data warehouse hourly reports </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>Hourly reports that contain the previous hour of data can now be scheduled in data warehouse. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <!-- <row>
                <entry colname="col1">Additional mobile app reports 
					 </entry>
                <entry colname="col2">Additional mobile app store integration
						reports (from the Distimo data connector) are now available in reports &amp;
						analytics and report builder. 
					 </entry>
              </row> --> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> Analytics Reporting and Admin 1.4 APIs </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> The Reporting and Admin Web Services APIs were updated with several new features. See <a href="02202014.xml#concept_8ABF3457CA104FB3926CF984A9642F69/section_234EA9BDE9AB4944A6D97D143E336793" format="dita" scope="local"> Web Services </a> for details. </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> Additional browser and OS types available in clickstream data feeds </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> The browser and OS type data feed columns have been expanded to provide additional mobile browser and OS types. The corresponding lookup files were also updated to provide details on the new types. </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> Heartbeat Video Measurement </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> Heartbeat Video measurement was updated with a simplified API structure and additional support for video players on iOS and Android. </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> Join Marketing Cloud (Link Accounts) </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>Joining the Marketing Cloud lets you link your solution account (such as Analytics, Social, and Target) to your Adobe ID. After you join, you can use one login ( <span class="filepath"> <span class="term"> &lt;your company&gt; </span>.marketing.adobe.com </span>) to access all of your Adobe Digital Marketing products and services. </p> <p>The <span class="term"> Join Marketing Cloud </span> button displays in marketing reports &amp; analytics after your administrator adds you as a user to a group in the Marketing Cloud. (You may already have received an email invitation to the Marketing Cloud and linked your accounts.) </p> <p>See <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mcloud/link_accounts.html" format="http" scope="external"> Join Marketing Cloud </a> for more information. </p> <p>Administrators, see <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mcloud/admin_getting_started.html" format="http" scope="external"> Administrators - Getting Started </a>. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
  </tbody> 
 </tgroup> 
</table>

## Marketing Reports & Analytics {#section_9493BB6A60CB4ACDA4FFDA7F005EC31A}

Fixes for the February 2014 release:

* Alerts for hourly visits were erroneously sending out alerts, even though the alert condition was not met. Alerts for hourly visits now work correctly.
* Fixed permission issue for `wintitle  Marketing Channel Overview` report.
* Fixed an issue that prevented searching when a report was sorted by a numeric classification and was displaying a calculated metric.
* Adding bounce rate to a classification report caused the last line item to appear twice in the report.
* Fixed an issue in `wintitle  Classification Rule Builder` that caused a "There are not classifications available" error to display and custom variables names to be changed when rules were edited after selecting a different UI display language.
[ Top ](02202014.md#concept_8ABF3457CA104FB3926CF984A9642F69)

## Report Builder {#section_DCEDAE09A2DC4FFA8C6EEBA5D6EB58C8}

Not updated in this release.

[ Top ](02202014.md#concept_8ABF3457CA104FB3926CF984A9642F69)

## Ad Hoc Analysis {#section_642A2BA2BA994BB8B6E0DCD1FE3F66E9}

Fixes for the February 2014 release:

* Reports that end in the future—such as "this week" or "this month" —where the ending date was in the future would append with the wrong filename. Dates from the past—such as "last week" or "last month"—reported as expected. Both future and past date ranges are now appended correctly and work as designed.
* When creating reports for specific pages with the same name but not the same case, such as adding "Payday-Server-login" and then adding "payday-server-Login" would not be allowed. Report names are now case-sensitive to allow both of these reports to be added.
* Certain projects where dates were explicitly identified in the side panel would not open. This has been fixed.
[ Top ](02202014.md#concept_8ABF3457CA104FB3926CF984A9642F69)

## Data Workbench {#section_7BF8920CB7884C71A5703C6F14AF5597}

No updates in this release.

[ Top ](02202014.md#concept_8ABF3457CA104FB3926CF984A9642F69)

## Data Warehouse {#section_23F16B5749A341BE84BD7E23875416D5}

Fixes for the February 2014 release:

* Fixed an issue that caused some Japanese characters to display incorrectly when the UI language was set to English.
[ Top ](02202014.md#concept_8ABF3457CA104FB3926CF984A9642F69)

## Clickstream Data Feeds {#section_B200909431004B2E86A45A829201C23C}

>[!NOTE]
>
>**Important note for all customers using data feeds:** Over the coming months, Adobe is increasing the size of many data feed fields. These changes provide additional functionality in `wintitle  Adobe Analytics`. However, the larger fields could have an impact on customer ETL (extract, transform, load) processes that ingest data feed data. To prepare for this change, all customers should complete the changes explained in [ Data Feed Column Expansion ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/sc/clickstream/?f=datafeeds_whatsnew).
[ Top ](02202014.md#concept_8ABF3457CA104FB3926CF984A9642F69)

* The browser and OS type data feed columns have been expanded to provide additional mobile browser and OS types. The corresponding lookup files were also updated to provide details on the new types.
## AppMeasurement and Mobile SDKs {#section_A3814753948D412EB94AEFEDFB2100D0}

**AppMeasurement for JavaScript**

No updates in this release.

** `keyword  AppMeasurement` for Other Platforms**

See [ AppMeasurement Release History ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/sc/appmeasurement/release/index.html) the following for a release history of `keyword  AppMeasurement` on the following platforms:

* JavaScript
* iOS
* Android
* Flash-Flex
* OSX
* Windows Phone, XBOX, Silverlight, and .NET
* BlackBerry
* Java
* PHP
* Symbian
[ Top ](02202014.md#concept_8ABF3457CA104FB3926CF984A9642F69)



**New Features and Enhancements**

<table id="table_4AFE196494A6408790ACDBB2D0F3FE5E"> 
 <tgroup cols="2"> 
  <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1" colwidth="1.00*" /> 
  <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2" colwidth="2.75*" /> 
  <thead> 
   <tr> 
    <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Feature </th> 
    <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
   </tr> 
  </thead> 
  <tbody> 
   <tr valign="top"> 
    <td colname="col1"> WordPress support </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>WordPress is now a supported listening provider. WordPress, the world's largest blogging and content creation platform, is used to create more than 70 million blogs. WordPress users create more than 180,000 new posts per day. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr valign="top"> 
    <td colname="col1"> Listening rules </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>All listening rules now support the use of the Any (OR) operator. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr valign="top"> 
    <td colname="col1"> Data retention </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>Social now retains listening data for two years instead of two months. Archive and retrieve up to two years of social listening data beginning Jan 16, 2014 and on. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr valign="top"> 
    <td colname="col1"> <span class="wintitle"> Average Sentiment </span> gauge on <span class="wintitle"> Social Buzz </span> report </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>Added a new widget to the <span class="wintitle"> Social Buzz </span> report to show average sentiment for the selected listening rules. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr valign="top"> 
    <td colname="col1"> Metric selector </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>You can now select and order the metrics that display on the <span class="wintitle"> Properties Overview </span> and <span class="wintitle"> Post Analytics Roll-Up View </span> reports. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr valign="top"> 
    <td colname="col1"> Publisher usability enhancements </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>The <span class="wintitle"> Publisher </span> includes the following usability enhancements: </p> 
     <ul id="ul_8926005041424E08922D3633D8537022"> 
      <li id="li_4DCD23D670FB446CBCB4C4AE305763B1"> <p>Individual Social users can enable or disable the <span class="wintitle"> Post Predictions </span> feature. </p> </li> 
      <li id="li_018A3B26A5064BEEBBCC739E70B15EDD"> <p>Improved scheduling workflow makes it easier to post content according to schedule (the default), post content using the recommended time for optimal results, or post content immediately. </p> </li> 
      <li id="li_C6C136BC221B44C5AEE6035EB7BA7DF4"> <p>Individual users can specify link-shortening preferences, including enabling or disabling automatic inline link shortening in the <span class="wintitle"> Publisher </span> and selecting a default shortener to use for all inline links. </p> </li> 
     </ul> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr valign="top"> 
    <td colname="col1"> Back-end data collection improvements </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>Made back-end enhancements to improve the speed and reliability of the back-end data-collection processes in Social. These improvements impact the data shown in the <span class="wintitle"> Social Buzz </span> report and in the <span class="wintitle"> Moderation </span> module. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr valign="top"> 
    <td colname="col1"> Improved <span class="wintitle"> Content Calendar </span> response time </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>Back-end enhancements improve the load and response times for the <span class="wintitle"> Content Calendar </span> List, Month, and Week views. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr valign="top"> 
    <td colname="col1"> Improved error messaging in <span class="wintitle"> Publisher </span>, <span class="wintitle"> Content Calendar </span>, and notification email messages </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>Improved the error messages users can receive when publishing content using the <span class="wintitle"> Publisher </span> or <span class="wintitle"> Content Calendar </span>. New error messages contain detailed information about internal failures and external failures (social platform) and contain information to troubleshoot the problem, if applicable. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr valign="top"> 
    <td colname="col1"> Important documentation updates </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>New topic detailing best practices for a successful experience with a new product release. Sections explain how to best manage posts before, during, and after the monthly maintenance window. </p> <p>New topic containing resources to help you become acquainted with the new features in each release of Adobe Social. Resources include Capability Spotlights, New Feature Guides, and quick how-to training videos demonstrating new features. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
  </tbody> 
 </tgroup> 
</table>

**Fixes**

* Made more than 500 back-end fixes and enhancements to improve performance, scalability, usability, and reliability.
* Fixed an issue that caused the `wintitle  Social Buzz` report to time out if left open for long periods in a Chrome browser.
* Fixed an issue that caused discrepancies between the number of daily mentions reported in the `wintitle  Social Buzz` report and the number of daily mentions reported in the `wintitle  Display Name` custom report.
* Fixed an issue that sometimes caused discrepancies between the number of engagements reported for a post in the `wintitle  Post Analytics` report and the number of engagements reported in that post's `wintitle  Post Details` report.
* Fixed an issue that caused engagement numbers in the `wintitle  Post Details` report for a retweet to reflect the original tweet's numbers.
* Fixed an issue that sometimes caused metric numbers in the `wintitle  Post Analytics` report to not display.
* Fixed an issue that prevented the number of Facebook link clicks from displaying correctly in the `wintitle  Post Details` report.
* Changed how the `wintitle  Engagement Rate` metric in the `wintitle  Post Analytics` report displays for Facebook and Google+ pages that have no engagement. In previous releases, the cells were blank. Now "--" displays.
* Fixed an issue that caused the total number of Likes and Followers in the `wintitle  Properties Roll-Up` report to not display for Facebook and Twitter properties.
* Fixed formatting issues that caused truncated column titles in the `wintitle  Property Overview` report for LinkedIn and YouTube properties.
* Fixed an issue that caused inconsistencies for LinkedIn properties when viewing metrics on the `wintitle  Properties Overview` and `wintitle  Property Details` reports.
* Fixed an issue that prevented the `wintitle  Properties Roll-Up` report from displaying correctly on mobile devices.
* Fixed an issue that prevented LinkedIn posts from being properly filtered by `wintitle  Tags` in the `wintitle  Post Analytics` and `wintitle  Post Details` reports.
* Changed the behavior of the `wintitle  Properties` filter for Twitter accounts in the `wintitle  Post Analytics` report. The drop-down list now displays the Twitter handle rather than the account name.
* Fixed an issue that caused Adobe Analytics campaigns to display in Social. Analytics campaigns should not display in Social.
* Fixed an issue that prevented Social from collecting Facebook insights when Daylight Saving Time starts.
* Fixed an issue that caused posting dates in an export for a Facebook property to be off by one day (actual date, minus one day) due to Daylight Saving Time issues.
* Fixed an issue that caused the order for LinkedIn and Twitter posts to sort differently by date in an exported `wintitle  Post Analytics` report.
* Fixed an issue that prevented users from targeting more than eight states when creating a Facebook post.
* Fixed an issue that let users upload a Facebook cover-page image that did not meet the required height requirements, which caused the post to fail.
* Fixed an issue that sometimes caused Facebook photo albums to be posted multiple times.
* Fixed an issue that allowed users to upload a `filepath  .pdf` file using the image upload functionality in the `wintitle  Publisher`, which caused the post to fail because this is not a supported file format.
* Fixed an issue that caused LinkedIn posts to display incorrectly in the preview and after posting.
* Fixed an issue that let users schedule tweets with more than 140 characters. These tweets would then fail at the scheduled time.
* Fixed an issue that caused the reported number of characters in a URL in a tweet to not match when creating the post in Social and on Twitter.
* Fixed an issue that sometimes caused posts to fail with an "undefined method 'parse_v3_params' for #" message.
* Fixed an issue that prevented users from removing tags from a post in the `wintitle  Content Calendar`.
* Fixed an issue that prevented the link thumbnail and title from displaying when editing a post in the `wintitle  Content Calendar`.
* Fixed an issue that caused the amount of time for an individual post to load when clicked from the `wintitle  Content Calender` `wintitle  Week View` to take longer than expected.
* Fixed an issue that caused the `wintitle  Content Calendar` `wintitle  Month View` and `wintitle  Week View` to take longer than expected to load.
* Fixed an issue that caused posts with multi-level approval workflows to take longer than expected to publish.
* Fixed formatting issues in the `wintitle  Content Calender` user interface.
* Fixed logo display issues for LinkedIn companies and groups in the `wintitle  Publisher` and `wintitle  Content Calendar`.
* Fixed an issue that caused a post by the owner of a Facebook page to be marked as spam in moderation.
* Fixed an issue that prevented the `wintitle  Share Story` pop-up from displaying after users vote for an entry in a `wintitle  Contest` application.
* Fixed an issue that prevented listening rules from collecting data if the specified time zone in the `wintitle  Timezone` filter includes "US &amp; Canada" in the time zone's name.
* Fixed an issue that caused the `wintitle  Preview` feature for inactive listening rules to not function correctly.
* Changed the behavior of the `wintitle  Twitter Preview` feature in the Listening Rule Builder to hide and refresh when users switch tabs (from `wintitle  Active` tab to `wintitle  Bulk Upload` tab, for example).
* Fixed a listening-rule issue for enterprise providers that prevented collection for phrase matching.
* Fixed an issue that caused an upload error (line numbers off by one line) when performing bulk uploads of listening rules.
* Fixed formatting issues in the `wintitle  Approval Workflow` user interface.
* Fixed an issue that caused names to be truncated in the `wintitle  Owner` drop-down list when configuring properties (for example, `wintitle  Settings` &gt; `wintitle  Facebook Pages`).
* Fixed an issue that caused users who were previously removed from Social to display in the exported report of current users ( `wintitle  Settings` &gt; `wintitle  Users &amp; Groups` &gt; `wintitle  Users tab` &gt; export).
* Fixed an issue that caused an error when users who do not have the appropriate permissions to change the owner of a Google+ page attempted to change a page's owner. If users do not have the appropriate permissions, they can no longer change the owner in the user interface.
[ Top ](02202014.md#concept_8ABF3457CA104FB3926CF984A9642F69)

**Target Advanced 3.9**

This release includes the following enhancements:

<table id="table_760C16062B144856B450F13D489A4911"> 
 <tgroup cols="2"> 
  <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1" colwidth="*" /> 
  <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2" colwidth="*" /> 
  <thead> 
   <tr> 
    <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Enhancement </th> 
    <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
   </tr> 
  </thead> 
  <tbody> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> 
     <!--TNT-18513-->Added support for Cross Origin Resource Sharing (CORS) for rawbox requests </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> The CORS filter is enabled only for rawbox calls. </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> 
     <!--TNT-18457-->Allow campaign-level impression capping in the campaign create API </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> Added the ability to ban users from a campaign if they have seen the campaign a specified number of times. </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> 
     <!--TNT-18558--> Internet Explorer 11 support </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> Browser targeting now works corectly with Internet Explorer 11. </td> 
   </tr> 
  </tbody> 
 </tgroup> 
</table>

**Fixes**

This release includes the following fixes:

* Fixed a defect where the same lift calculation was shown for `varname  visitor` and `varname  visit`. The `varname  visitor` number was correct, but the `varname  visit` number was wrong, and `varname  visit` was shown.
* Fixed an error that showed deactivated mboxes in the `wintitle  Mbox Usage` report.
* Fixed an error that prevented the login email address from being changed.
* Fixed a user interface defect where long mbox names overlapped on the `uicontrol  Locations` &gt; `uicontrol  Manage` page.
* Resolved a problem that caused custom pcids that did not match the default format to be rejected. These pcids are now accepted.
* Double-byte characters inside an offer did not display correctly when delivered in an AJAX mbox.
**Target Standard 1.5**

The following `keyword  Target Standard` features will be released on February 24, 2014.

<table id="table_67115780726F48859DC8E46E34567DC3"> 
 <tgroup cols="2"> 
  <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1" colwidth="*" /> 
  <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2" colwidth="*" /> 
  <thead> 
   <tr> 
    <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Feature </th> 
    <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
   </tr> 
  </thead> 
  <tbody> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> Preview, simulation and test validation: activity collisions </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p> <span class="keyword"> Target Standard </span> now provides a list of activity collisions. An activity collision occurs when multiple activities are set up to deliver content to the same page. If an activity collision occurs, you may not see the expected content on your page because you've entered a different activity. </p> <p> If your activity contains collisions, a <span class="wintitle"> Collisions </span> tab appears on the Activity Overview page. Open this tab for a list of activities that are colliding. Click an activity in the list to view the overview page for that activity. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> New targeting options: Profile, User </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> You can now target profile and user parameters. </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> Add/Insert elements </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> You can add an element to an existing experience in the Experience Editor. </td> 
   </tr> 
  </tbody> 
 </tgroup> 
</table>

[ Top ](02202014.md#concept_8ABF3457CA104FB3926CF984A9642F69)

**Audience Management DIL 4.8 **

Updated February 6, 2014

* Released DIL 4.8 to fix a compatibility issue with the AppMeasurement for JavaScript library. Analytics customers must also update to version 1.2.2 of AppMeasurement for JavaScript (this change does not impact customers on H code).
* [ Audience management release notes ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/demdex/c_release_notes.html).
* Advertising management - Help for advertising management is available in the product at  `uicontrol  Help`  &gt; `uicontrol  Help Contents` .
[ Top ](02202014.md#concept_8ABF3457CA104FB3926CF984A9642F69)

* [ Adobe Experience Manager ](http://dev.day.com/docs/en/cq/current/release_notes/overview.html)
* [ Scene7 Publishing System Release Notes ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/s7/release_notes/index.html)
[ Top ](02202014.md#concept_8ABF3457CA104FB3926CF984A9642F69)

