---
description: New features and fixes in Experience Manager and Scene7.
keywords: release notes
seo-description: New features and fixes in Experience Manager and Scene7.
seo-title: Experience Manager
solution: Experience Cloud,Release Notes
title: Experience Manager
---

# Experience Manager


>[!NOTE]
>
>To receive release notes one week prior to the monthly product update, subscribe to the[ Adobe Priority Product Update ](https://www.adobe.com/subscription/priority-product-update.html). Release information in the Priority Product Update comes one week in advance of the release date and is subject to change. Please check back at release time for updates.

**April 2015**

* [ Marketing Cloud and Core Services ](04162015.md#marketingcloud)
* [ Analytics ](04162015.md#analytics)
* [ Social ](04162015.md#social)
* [ Target ](04162015.md#target)
* [ Media Optimizer ](04162015.md#mediaoptimizer)
* [ Campaign ](04162015.md#campaign)
* [ Experience Manager ](04162015.md#experiencemanager)
* [ Marketing Cloud ](04162015.md#marketingcloud/marketing_cloud_interface)
* [ Mobile Services ](04162015.md#marketingcloud/mobile)
* [ Dynamic Tag Management ](04162015.md#marketingcloud/dtm)
## Marketing Cloud
      15.4.1 {#marketing_cloud_interface}

New features and fixes in the `keyword  Adobe Marketing Cloud` interface.

Release date: **April 8 2015**

<table id="table_04854D12F4C241AE86F24C12C4F0FA28"> 
 <tgroup cols="2"> 
  <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1" colwidth="1.00*" /> 
  <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2" colwidth="1.85*" /> 
  <thead> 
   <tr> 
    <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Feature </th> 
    <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
   </tr> 
  </thead> 
  <tbody> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> <p>Administration improvements:</p> 
     <ul id="ul_7D5FCBEFA262435D865CA1018BFB792E"> 
      <li id="li_6E98974CCB094ABBAB57C51ED56C3F00"> <span class="wintitle"> Enterprise Dashboard </span> </li> 
      <li id="li_8CDAB6301FD44C3999EE4EEB1A0A2FD6">Enterprise and federated ID support</li> 
     </ul> </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>User and group management functionality has been moved to the Enterprise Dashboard. The new navigation path is:</p> <p> <span class="uicontrol"> Marketing Cloud </span> &gt; <span class="uicontrol"> Tools </span> &gt; <span class="uicontrol"> Launch Enterprise Dashboard </span></p> <p>Additionally, support for enterprise and federated IDs is available. You can use enterprise IDs, federated IDs, as well as Adobe IDs in the same enterprise deployment. For example, use Adobe IDs for users who may use other Adobe product and services. Use enterprise or federated IDs for users where you want to strictly manage their accounts.</p> <p>See <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mcloud/user_mgmt_admin.html" format="https" scope="external"> Users and Groups - Identity Management </a>. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
  </tbody> 
 </tgroup> 
</table>

**Fixes**

* Fixed an issue preventing single sign-on between the `keyword  Marketing Cloud` and `keyword  Media Optimizer`.
**Known Issues**

* A known issue is preventing audience sharing from report suites which are not owned by the linked Analytics account. Remedial efforts are underway
See [ Marketing Cloud Product Documentation ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mcloud/) for product help.

[ Top ](04162015.md#marketingcloud)

## Adobe 
			 
     
      Mobile Services {#mobile}

Release date: **April 16 2015**

**Improvements and Fixes**

* We updated our initial loading of `keyword  Analytics` apps to improve the speed of the login process.
* Using the `wintitle  Provide Feedback` tool to submit issues of type `term  Bug` now submits those issues directly to Customer Care and creates a ticket. Customer Care should contact you soon thereafter.
* When creating an in-app message, you can now target the message using `term  Lifetime Value` or `term  Locale`.
* On `wintitle  Manage App Settings`, under `wintitle  App SDK Downloads`, we added links for Unity, Xamarin, and Phonegap.
* You can now link an `keyword  Adobe Target` company to your IMS organization for the length of your `keyword  Mobile` session.
* Updated the `wintitle  Customer Care` link under `wintitle  Provide Feedback` for `term  Question` to be correct for certain locales.
See [ Adobe Mobile Services ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mobile/) for product documentation. To see the release notes for previous releases, expand *Previous Release Notes* in the left pane.

[ Top ](04162015.md#marketingcloud)

## Dynamic Tag Management {#dtm}

Release date: **April 7 2015**

<table id="table_3CA51E873E324FD4B7CF14190F127A77"> 
 <tgroup cols="2"> 
  <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1" colwidth="1.00*" /> 
  <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2" colwidth="2.79*" /> 
  <thead> 
   <tr> 
    <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Feature </th> 
    <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
   </tr> 
  </thead> 
  <tbody> 
   <tr valign="top"> 
    <td colname="col1"> <p>Selective Publish</p> </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>When creating a web property, the <span class="wintitle"> Enable Selective Publish </span> option is set by default. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
  </tbody> 
 </tgroup> 
</table>

**Improvements and Fixes**

* Added localization enhancements for the `keyword  Adobe Analytics` tool UI (Premium, Standard, and Point).
* Updated the favicon icon that displays in browsers' address bars to match new Adobe branding.
See [ What's New in Dynamic Tag Management ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/dtm/whatsnew.html) for current and cumulative release notes, help, and documentation updates.

[ Top ](04162015.md#marketingcloud)

* [ New Features in Analytics ](04162015.md#analytics/features_analytics)
* Fixes:
    * [ Marketing Reports &amp; Analytics ](04162015.md#analytics/fixes_reports_analytics)
    * [ Report Builder ](04162015.md#analytics/fixes_arb)
    * [ Data Warehouse ](04162015.md#analytics/fixes_data_warehouse)
  
* [ Analytics Web Services (SOAP and REST APIs) ](04162015.md#analytics/analytics_web_svcs)
## New Features in 
			 
     
      Analytics {#features_analytics}

Release date: **April 16 2015**

<table id="table_91D1FD20C4C1411292252364328677AF"> 
 <tgroup cols="2"> 
  <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1" colwidth="1.00*" /> 
  <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2" colwidth="3.93*" /> 
  <thead> 
   <tr> 
    <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Component </th> 
    <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
   </tr> 
  </thead> 
  <tbody> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> Data warehouse <p> 
      <!--AN-100995--></p> </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>Reduction of maximum rows per hit from 1000 to 100.</p> <p>When a data warehouse request is submitted with multiple multi-value dimensions (e.g., various Mobile Reports), an exponential number of rows can be generated from a single hit. We are now capping the number of rows that can be output from a single hit at 100 (previously 1,000).</p> </td> 
   </tr> 
  </tbody> 
 </tgroup> 
</table>

>[!NOTE]
>
>Starting with the May 2015 maintenance release, the option to launch Ad Hoc Analysis directly from within a report in Reports &amp; Analytics will be removed.
## Marketing Reports & Analytics {#fixes_reports_analytics}

**Fixes**

* Fixed an issue where the Select All checkbox in Segment Manager selected more segments than expected when applying a filter and searching. It now selects only the visible or active segments.
* Fixed an issue where the alert was showing the wrong alert value for the report. The alert should have shown the unique visits for the month instead of the sum of unique visits across all days.
* Fixed a display issue with trended graphs.
* Fixed an issue with the compare date range settings for a dashboard having to be manually reset. Note that this fix works only for new bookmarks; existing ones will need to be opened and `term  saved as`.
* Fixed an issue that prevented the `wintitle  Item-specific Summary` report to be created in PDF format.
* Fixed an issue that occurred when copying menu customizations from one report suite to another. This issue caused Mobile App variable labels to change.
* Fixed an issue where metrics with long names were getting truncated in the Add Metric panel and became unsearchable.
* Fixed an issue with the opt-out links in `term  Exclude by Cookie/IP Address` not working.
* Fixed an issue with non-admin users not being able to access a summary report by clicking on a line item. This issue happened after a breakdown of the `wintitle  Pages Report` by `term  devices`.
[ Top ](04162015.md#marketingcloud)

## Report Builder {#fixes_arb}

**Fixes**

* Improvements to the rendering service will result in fewer rendering failures when a file is converted from the XLSX format to other formats (such as PDF or CSV).
[ Top ](04162015.md#marketingcloud)

## Data Warehouse {#fixes_data_warehouse}

**Fixes**

* Fixed a discrepancy between Reports &amp; Analytics and data warehouse data by adding support for `term  campaign instances` as a segmentation metric to data warehouse.
* Fixed an issue with data warehouse requests with Mobile App ID.
>[!NOTE]
>
>Data warehouse access from Version 14 has been removed.[ Learn more ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/reference/?f=whatsnew_segments)
[ Top ](04162015.md#marketingcloud)

## Analytics
      Web Services (SOAP and REST
			 APIs) {#analytics_web_svcs}

**Improvements and Fixes**

* Fixed an issue with `codeph  averageTimeSpentOnSite`, where returns were showing identical data despite using different page titles (evar13) in segmentation.
* Add support for many different products contexts in a single organization. (1:many group mapping).
* The Reporting API now allows correlations. The elements returned from `codeph  Report.GetElements` now have information about what breakdown types are supported for that element. This improves data matching between report builder and reports &amp; analytics.
Release date: **April 17 2015**

This release includes the following changes:

<table id="table_E8F149CB37804A42878657728501997B"> 
 <tgroup cols="2"> 
  <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1" colwidth="1.00*" /> 
  <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2" colwidth="2.79*" /> 
  <thead> 
   <tr> 
    <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Feature </th> 
    <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
   </tr> 
  </thead> 
  <tbody> 
   <tr valign="top"> 
    <td colname="col1"> <p>Social Tags</p> </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>Use <span class="wintitle"> Social Tags </span> as a centralized location to manage tags for use throughout <span class="keyword"> Social </span>. </p> <p>Social Tags help classify content within <span class="keyword"> Social </span>. For example, you can tag social contact profiles, inbound content in moderation feeds, and outbound posts created in the <span class="wintitle"> Content Calendar </span> or <span class="wintitle"> Publisher </span>. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr valign="top"> 
    <td colname="col1"> <p>Publish Anywhere</p> </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>Publishing is the most-used capability within <span class="keyword"> Adobe Social </span>. <span class="wintitle"> Publish Anywhere </span> makes the ability to publish content to social networks available from anywhere within <span class="keyword"> Social </span>. </p> <p> <p>Note:  Note that the <span class="wintitle"> Publish Anywhere </span> feature is currently in Beta. </p> </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
  </tbody> 
 </tgroup> 
</table>

**Fixes, Enhancements, and Deprecations**

This `keyword  Social` release focuses on improved performance, scalability, usability, and reliability. More than 650 back-end fixes and enhancements address these areas. The fixes highlighted below describe resolutions for the more important customer-reported issues.

* The Social Applications feature has been officially deprecated in the Adobe Social 15.4.1.0 (April 2015) release. This includes the removal of all application-related metrics, data, and API methods. If you have any questions, please reach out to your Social Account Manager. For full details, see the [ Adobe Social Applications - Deprecation Fact Sheet ](http://helpx.adobe.com/social/kb/social-applications---deprecation-fact.html).
* Fixed an issue that caused irregularities for the Twitter `wintitle  Total Reach` metric in the `wintitle  Post Analytics` report.
* Fixed an issue that caused some campaigns to not display correctly in the `wintitle  Social Campaigns` report.
* Fixed an issue that caused multiple Facebook cover photos to display on the page after receiving a failure message in `keyword  Social`.
* Enhanced the upload functionality for Facebook cover photos, especially if a failure occurs.
* Fixed an issue that caused post-time discrepancies between child and master posts when duplicating posts.
* Fixed an issue that caused posts to fail due to "Transaction isolation conflict detected" errors.
* Fixed an issue that prevented thumbnail images from displaying in posts published to LinkedIn pages using a link attachment.
* Fixed an issue that caused shortened URLs published to LinkedIn pages to malfunction.
* Fixed an issue that caused the bulk moderation icons to not display in the `keyword  Social` interface.
* Fixed an issue in the `keyword  Social` interface that caused the scroll bar to not display in the `wintitle  Add New Property` dialog box when adding YouTube channels.
* Fixed an issue that caused scrolling issues in some `keyword  Social` dialog boxes on mobile devices (for example, when escalating a post in a moderation feed).
[ Top ](04162015.md#marketingcloud)

Refer to the [ Adobe Target Release Notes ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/target/rn/) for the latest release information about the following products:

* Target Standard and Premium
* Target Classic
* Recommendations Classic
  *
  [ Audience management release notes ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/aam/c_release_notes.html)
  
  
  *
  Advertising Management help is available in the product at  `uicontrol  Help`  &gt; `uicontrol  Help Contents` .
  
  
[ Top ](04162015.md#marketingcloud)

`keyword  Adobe Campaign` provides an intuitive, automated way to deliver one-to-one messages across online and offline marketing channels. You can now anticipate what your clients want using experiences determined by their habits and preferences.

For product documentation, see:

* [ Adobe Campaign Standard Release Notes ](https://docs.campaign.adobe.com/doc/standard/en/RN.html)
* [ Adobe Campaign Standard Documentation ](https://docs.campaign.adobe.com/doc/standard/en/home.html)
* [ Adobe Campaign v6 Release Notes ](http://support.neolane.net/doc/AC6.1/en/RN.html)
* [ Adobe Campaign v6 Documentation ](https://support.neolane.net/doc/AC6.1/en/home.html)
[ Top ](04162015.md#marketingcloud)

`keyword  Adobe Experience Manager` is an enterprise web content management system that lets you author, manage, develop, and publish your web sites.

For product documentation, see:

* Release notes: [ Adobe Experience Manager 6.0 Release Notes ](http://docs.adobe.com/content/docs/en/aem/6-0/release-notes.html)
* Help home: [ Adobe Experience Manager Help Home ](http://docs.adobe.com)
* Scene7 Publishing System: [ Scene7 Publishing System Release Notes ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/s7/release_notes/index.html)
* Assets: [ Assets Release Notes ](http://docs.adobe.com/content/docs/en/aod/overview/release-notes.html)
[ Top ](04162015.md#marketingcloud)

