---
description: New features and fixes in Experience Manager and Scene7.
keywords: release notes
seo-description: New features and fixes in Experience Manager and Scene7.
seo-title: Experience Manager
solution: Experience Cloud,Release Notes
title: Experience Manager
---

# Experience Manager


>[!NOTE]
>
>To receive release notes one week prior to the monthly product update, subscribe to the[ Adobe Priority Product Update ](http://response.adobesystemsinc.com/content/customer-success-subscription). Release information in the Priority Product Update comes one week in advance of the release date. Please check back at release time for updates.

Latest update: **June 11, 2014**

Release date: May 22, 2014

* [ Marketing Cloud and Shared Services ](05222014.md#marketingcloud) Updated **May 27**
* [ Analytics ](05222014.md#analytics)
* [ Social ](05222014.md#social)
* [ Target ](05222014.md#target)
* [ Media Optimizer ](05222014.md#mediaoptimizer)
* [ Campaign ](05222014.md#campaign)
* [ Experience Manager ](05222014.md#experiencemanager)
* [ Marketing Cloud Interface ](05222014.md#marketingcloud/marketing_cloud_interface)
* [ Mobile Services 2.0 ](05222014.md#marketingcloud/mobile)
* [ Data Connectors ](05222014.md#marketingcloud/data_connectors)
* [ Dynamic Tag Management ](05222014.md#marketingcloud/dtm)
## Marketing Cloud
      14.5.1 {#marketing_cloud_interface}

New features and fixes in the `keyword  Adobe Marketing Cloud` collaboration and sharing interface.

Release date: **May 27, 2014**

**Features**

<table id="table_4E4B34EEE3D94D78BA1A1FBC62950559"> 
 <tgroup cols="2"> 
  <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1" colwidth="1.00*" /> 
  <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2" colwidth="1.75*" /> 
  <thead> 
   <tr> 
    <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Feature </th> 
    <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
   </tr> 
  </thead> 
  <tbody> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> <p> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mcloud/audiences.html" format="http" scope="external"> Audience Services - Master Marketing Profile </a> </p> </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p> <span class="uicontrol"> Marketing Cloud </span> &gt; <span class="uicontrol"> Audiences </span></p> <p> Audiences are collections of visitors. Creating and managing audiences is similar to creating and using segments, and now you can publish audiences for use in the <span class="keyword"> Marketing Cloud </span>. </p> <p>For example, create and publish a segment from marketing reports &amp; analytics. Then, you can: </p> 
     <ul id="ul_E8F0524273264D89A985EFA0F5E35520"> 
      <li id="li_2A42A5CA8A2B45BFA9581728752002F3">Use the <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mcloud/index.html?f=audience_library" format="http" scope="external"> Audience Library </a> to combine audiences and create new ones for graphical views of estimated audience sizes. </li> 
      <li id="li_4BA66D07E2B84E3E816033C4E40647BE">Use the audience in <span class="keyword"> Adobe Target </span> for campaign activities. </li> 
      <li id="li_456FB2D8E7E9406F8D318EDCC2BF72ED">Use them in <span class="keyword"> Media Optimizer </span> audience management for segmentation. </li> 
     </ul> <p>To get started, see <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mcloud/index.html?f=audiences_getstarted" format="http" scope="external"> Implementing Audiences Services (MMP) in the Marketing Cloud </a>. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> <p> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/exchange" format="https" scope="external"> Marketing Cloud Exchange </a> </p> </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p> <span class="uicontrol"> Marketing Cloud </span> &gt; <span class="uicontrol"> Help </span> &gt; <span class="uicontrol"> Exchange </span></p> <p>The <span class="keyword"> Marketing Cloud </span> <span class="wintitle"> Exchange </span> is a single destination where you can search, browse, select, pay, and download digital marketing extensions via apps. Partners can submit their applications to the <span class="wintitle"> Exchange Marketplace </span> with their description, images, videos and documentation. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> <p> 
      <!--MAC-19990-->Improved permissions on card </p> </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>Users who are mentioned on <span class="keyword"> Marketing Cloud </span> cards now have permissions to that card. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> <p> 
      <!--MAC-19835-->Scene7 account linking </p> </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>New Adobe users can link their Scene7 accounts to Adobe ID as well as their team members. Administrators can unlink users from Scene7 accounts as well. </p> <p>See <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mcloud/link_accounts.html" format="http" scope="external"> Join Marketing Cloud </a> for information about linking accounts. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
  </tbody> 
 </tgroup> 
</table>

**Fixes**

* `keyword  Marketing Cloud` was not linking to `keyword  Adobe Target`. This issue occurred if the `keyword  Adobe Target` login can be used on multiple `keyword  Target` servers.
* `keyword  Adobe Media Optimizer` was not creating users automatically when the user has been created in `keyword  Marketing Cloud`.
* Data shared from `keyword  Media Optimizer` was misrepresented in the `keyword  Marketing Cloud`.
* Options in combo boxes used for adding new users temporarily disappeared while typing.
* The Comments link on asset card view was not clickable.
* After adding a custom tag to an asset, no other metadata changes were not persisting.
* Slow `wintitle  Marketing Cloud` interface performance when in parallel use by many users.
* Deleting an image in `wintitle  Marketing Cloud Assets` was not issuing a warning if the image was used in `keyword  Adobe Target Essentials`.
* When `uicontrol  remember me` was not selected during login, the user was logged out after 15 minutes.
* Users were having to log out and back in for all permission and entitlement changes to take effect.
* Logging in to the `keyword  Marketing Cloud` was taking longer than a second.
* For certain users, deleting files from the `keyword  Marketing Cloud` did not synchronizing with `keyword  Digital Asset Management`.
* Users were being logged out after only 15 minutes of browser inactivity.
* User were not able to share PowerPoint files on boards.
* Some users were experiencing poor visual layout in Internet Explorer 10 than other browsers.
See [ Getting Started with Adobe Marketing Cloud ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mcloud/home.html) for product help.

## Adobe 
			 
     
      Mobile Services {#mobile}

Adobe Mobile Services bring together mobile marketing capabilities for mobile applications from across the `keyword  Adobe Marketing Cloud`. Initially, the service provides seamless integration of app analytics and targeting capabilities from the `keyword  Adobe Analytics` and `keyword  Adobe Target` solutions. Learn more at [ Adobe Mobile services documentation ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mobile/).

<table id="table_519893D8565A4D489CB13D5EAF1E9325"> 
 <tgroup cols="2"> 
  <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1" colwidth="1.00*" /> 
  <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2" colwidth="2.76*" /> 
  <thead> 
   <tr> 
    <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Feature </th> 
    <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
   </tr> 
  </thead> 
  <tbody> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> Auto app loading for Lifecycle report suites </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>When you sign in, the system checks for all of the app report suites with Lifecycle enabled, then automatically adds them to <span class="keyword"> Mobile Services </span> (if they are not already present). If you delete an added app, it is not automatically added again. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
  </tbody> 
 </tgroup> 
</table>

**Fixes**

* The preset "Last 30 days" now includes Today as a selection.
* Fixed a filtering issue occurring in Japanese geography reporting.
* Fixed a resetting issue in the date range that occurred when viewing `wintitle  First Launch Cohort` report.
* Fixed a search issue that prevented all countries' app stores from being searched.
* Fixed filtering on multiple regions returning no data.
* Fixed unicode characters that are garbled in software development kit downloads.
* Fixed help tool-tip on `wintitle  Target Activities` page.
See [ Adobe Mobile Services ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mobile/) for product documentation. To see the release notes for previous releases, expand *Previous Release Notes* in the left pane.

[ Top ](05222014.md#marketingcloud)

## Data Connectors {#data_connectors}

<table id="table_EB41B58525CA4A469631AE9FBF6B1929"> 
 <tgroup cols="2"> 
  <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1" colwidth="1.00*" /> 
  <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2" colwidth="2.07*" /> 
  <thead> 
   <tr> 
    <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Feature </th> 
    <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
   </tr> 
  </thead> 
  <tbody> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> <p>REST API support. </p> </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>The data connectors API now supports REST. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
  </tbody> 
 </tgroup> 
</table>

[ Top ](05222014.md#marketingcloud)

## Dynamic Tag Management {#dtm}

Dynamic tag management releases weekly. See [ What's New in Dynamic Tag Management ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/dtm/whatsnew.html) for current and cumulative release notes, help, and documentation updates.

**May 15 2014**

Fixes and improvements:

* Fixed an issue where variables set in custom code were not being set on direct call or event-based rules using `filepath  s.t()`. The code contained within the custom code area for direct call or event-based rules using `filepath  s.t()` was not correctly adding any variables set to the beacon before an image request was being fired.
* Fixed and issue where the command bar was sticking to the bottom of the `wintitle  Approvals` page. The persistent bar with the Edit and Reject commands on the `wintitle  Approvals` page was sticking to the bottom of the page rather than following the page view upon scroll.
* Fixed an issue on the `wintitle  Rule List` page, where a newly created rule showed `keyword  Adobe Analytics` in use, even if those rules were not using `keyword  Adobe Analytics`.
* Fixed layout issues on `wintitle  Selective Publish` queue page. We cleaned up the layout so that it is not truncated or stretching beyond the boundary of the content area of the page.
* Data elements now display in alphabetical order in the Data Element Value criteria of a rule. They have now been alphabetized for easier viewing.
* The items on the publish history are now paginated to improve performance and user experience.
* Added password security enhancements. To ensure the security for dynamic tag management accounts, we have implemented a number of enhancements to our authentication system:
    * New passwords must meet specific criteria (minimum 7 characters, at least one number, at least one letter, at least one symbol, not one of the last 5 passwords).
    * Company admins can now see how long it has been since a user last changed their password.
    * Company admins can now force users to reset their password.
    * Users attempting to log in 5 times unsuccessfully will be locked out for 30 minutes to prevent brute force attacks (the user or their company admin can reset the password to re-enable access immediately).
  
**May 8 2014**

Fixes:

* Fixed an issue where `varname  trackingServer` value was not being applied consistently. The value for `varname  s.TrackingServer` should be used consistently for all types of calls throughout dynamic tag management, and the value should be pulled either from the custom code or from the UI, depending on the configuration of a specific web property. (The UI value takes precedence if set in both locations.)
* Fixed an issue where properties with a large number of items awaiting approval was causing 500 errors and timeouts. We optimized the queries for the approvals workflow to ensure that properties with a large number of items awaiting approval would load quickly and not result in timeouts, errors, or broken pages.
* Fixed an issue where pages with an existing object called 's' would cause errors in dynamic tag management. Dynamic tag management tries to initialize an 's' object on the page for `keyword  Adobe Analytics` tracking, and this was causing a conflict if `keyword  Analytics` was implemented via dynamic tag management and the `term  Page code already exists` box was not checked. The object is now locally scoped within dynamic tag management, so it will work in any custom code scenarios but will not conflict with any on-page code.
* We made a number of improvements to the way that hierarchies are managed in `keyword  Adobe Analytics` tools and rules, including ensuring that non-sequential hierarchies could be used together in a tool or rule, and ensuring that the same hierarchy could not be set more than once in a tool or rule.
[ Top ](05222014.md#marketingcloud)

* [ New Features in Analytics ](05222014.md#analytics/features_analytics)
* [ New Features in Analytics Premium ](05222014.md#analytics/features_analytics_premium)
* Fixes:
    * [ Marketing Reports &amp; Analytics ](05222014.md#analytics/fixes_reports_analytics)
    * [ Report Builder ](05222014.md#analytics/fixes_arb)
    * [ Ad Hoc Analysis ](05222014.md#analytics/fixes_ad_hoc)
    * [ Data Workbench (Analytics Premium) ](05222014.md#analytics/fixes_data_workbench)
    * [ Data Warehouse ](05222014.md#analytics/fixes_data_warehouse)
    * [ Clickstream Data Feeds ](05222014.md#analytics/clickstream)
  
* [ AppMeasurement and Mobile SDKs ](05222014.md#analytics/appmeasurement_sdk)
* [ Analytics Web Services (SOAP and REST APIs) ](05222014.md#analytics/analytics_web_svcs)
## New Features in 
			 
     
      Analytics {#features_analytics}

<table id="table_91D1FD20C4C1411292252364328677AF"> 
 <tgroup cols="2"> 
  <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1" colwidth="1.00*" /> 
  <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2" colwidth="3.93*" /> 
  <thead> 
   <tr> 
    <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Feature </th> 
    <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
   </tr> 
  </thead> 
  <tbody> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> Unified segmentation management and creation across Analytics </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>Segments are now created, managed, and used across <span class="keyword"> Analytics </span> user interfaces and across report suites. </p> <p>A new <span class="wintitle"> Segment Builder </span> interface lets you build simple, nested, and sequential segments. You can now apply multiple segments to a single report to prevent duplicating logic in multiple segments. </p> <p>A new <span class="wintitle"> Segment Manager </span> lets you easily manage, approve, share, and tag segments. Segments can be published to the Marketing Cloud for Analytics-powered targeting. </p> <p>See <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/analytics/segment/?f=seg_transition" format="http" scope="external"> Unified Segmentation Transition Guide </a>. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> Segment building and managing in ad hoc analysis </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>Ad hoc analysis is now part of the Analytics <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/analytics/segment/?f=index" format="http" scope="external"> Unified Segmentation </a> environment that consolidates features to build, manage, and share segments using Adobe Analytics. </p> <p>The Segment Builder console within ad hoc analysis has been updated with new features, including updated icons, changes to console functionality, and the ability to save containers at all levels. The Segment Manager (<i>Organize Segments</i>) has been updated with new features to organize and tag segments within ad hoc analysis. </p> <p>See the <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/dsc/?f=c_release_notes_dsc" format="http" scope="external"> ad hoc analysis release notes </a> for additional information. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> Improved navigation </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>Marketing reports &amp; analytics now features a sliding menu instead of a fly-out menu to provide more space for menu items. </p> <p>Navigation search was enhanced to search all menus from anywhere in the interface, including favorites and admin tools. A search hotkey was added, you can press the slash key '/' to quickly jump to the search field. </p> <p>The new sliding menu also provides easy access to all <span class="keyword"> Marketing Cloud </span> solution menus. </p> <p>See <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/sc/user/?f=c_improved_navigation" format="http" scope="external"> Improved Navigation </a>. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> Enhanced Scheduled Reports Management </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>Better queue management and advanced filtering capabilities are now provided for scheduled reports. Admin-level users can now view, manage, and filter on all reports in their organization. </p> <p>See <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/reference/?f=scheduled_reports_admin" format="http" scope="external"> Scheduled Reports Enhancements </a>. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> Custom text descriptions for reports </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>In marketing reports &amp; analytics, you can now add a short description for all custom dimensions (props/eVars) and metrics (events). These dimensions are then displayed contextually in the web UI to help report viewers understand the data. </p> <p>See <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/reference/?f=custom_desc_admin" format="http" scope="external"> Report Descriptions </a>. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> Report Builder 5.0 </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>Report builder 5.0 introduces several new features, including: </p> 
     <ul id="ul_D82BC2A1948149A9AE8624055919413F"> 
      <li id="li_DE3E1359059C4731AC664C2ABD66A288">Support for unified segmentation and in-context segment creation (using values pulled from a range of cells) </li> 
      <li id="li_7050D7DA5F8048D88DE1AC84AE5CFDCD"> <span class="wintitle"> Report Curation </span> includes multiple features to support the creation of workbooks for business users, such as protected data blocks, interactive controls, and invoking report builder via an Excel function </li> 
      <li id="li_1F8F1BC74A10465389FB58A6C6DC8A51"> <span class="wintitle"> Offline Mode </span> enables offline editing of workbooks, which pauses all report requests for more efficient editing </li> 
      <li id="li_253579435FEF4023BE47B73B31947302"> <span class="wintitle"> Path </span> and <span class="wintitle"> Fallout </span> Reporting adds support for path and fallout reports within report builder. </li> 
      <li id="li_324360C476DE418284CD1640E5C9F050"> <span class="wintitle"> Import Dashboards and Bookmarks </span> allows users to import reports &amp; analytics dashboards and bookmarks as report builder requests. </li> 
      <li id="li_7FDAF23FFC044E24A135BF5EEAF1474B">Scheduled Reporting improvements include the ability to turn of the “unsubscribe” link (useful for customers using internal email lists) and the ability to schedule workbooks with macros. </li> 
     </ul> <p>See <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/arb/?f=release_notes_arb" format="http" scope="external"> What's New in Adobe Report Builder 5.0 </a>. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> New OS Types Report </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>Rolls up the items in the existing <span class="wintitle"> Operating Systems Report </span> into operating system types (Microsoft Windows, Apple Macintosh, UNIX, and so on) for simplified reporting. </p> <p>Note:  Clickstream data feed customers that are currently receiving the "os" column will automatically receive an additional lookup file for OS types starting June 19, 2014. Before this date, ensure that your processing system is prepared to receive this additional lookup file. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> Statistical calculations in calculated metrics for ad hoc analysis </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>Ad hoc analysis can now incorporate statistical and logical functions when building calculated metrics in ad hoc analysis. Functions include mean, standard deviation, correlation, absolute value, if statements, and many more. </p> <p>See <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/dsc/?f=c_statistical_functions_ad_hoc" format="http" scope="external"> Statistical Calculations </a> in ad hoc analysis documentation. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
  </tbody> 
 </tgroup> 
</table>

## New Features in 
			 
     
      Analytics Premium {#features_analytics_premium}

In addition to the features listed in [ New Features in Analytics ](05222014.md#analytics/features_analytics), Analytics Premium provides these additional new features:

<table id="table_37DB222470C84C3184D8E98E5D9B146D"> 
 <tgroup cols="2"> 
  <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1" colwidth="1.00*" /> 
  <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2" colwidth="4.02*" /> 
  <thead> 
   <tr> 
    <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Feature </th> 
    <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
   </tr> 
  </thead> 
  <tbody> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> Analytics Live Stream </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> Analytics live stream provides a stream of partially-processed analytics data within seconds of collection, including all custom and standard variables (over 300 variables per hit) . </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> Decision Trees </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> Evaluate audience characteristics and engagements using decision trees to express the potential relationship or a particular outcome in predictive analytics. </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> Finder panels </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> Access dimensions, metrics, and filters and apply directly to visualization using a new set of Finder panels accessible from the workspace or left sidebar of the client console. </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> Standard Report Types </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> Access traditional reports used across Adobe Analytics within Data Workbench, including Page Views, Unique Visitors, Traffic, Campaign, Referring Domain, and others. </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> Density Map </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> Display comparison values as rectangular units with varying size and color on a square map. Elements are organized from top left to bottom right, biggest to smallest, lightest to darkest to approximate the density of each value. </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> Attribution profile </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> Quickly analyze attribution events and assign responsibility to first or last touch of web pages, campaigns, or other events leading to a successful conversion or sale using the new rules-based Attribution profile. </td> 
   </tr> 
  </tbody> 
 </tgroup> 
</table>

See the New Features section in the [ Data Workbench 6.2 release notes ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/insight/whatsnew/?f=c_release_notes_insight_62) to view additional updates for Analytics Premium.

## Marketing Reports & Analytics {#fixes_reports_analytics}

**Fixes**

* Bounce rate did not show up as a metric for Mobile Device reports.
* Dashboards displayed in a vertical layout displayed only 28 days instead of 30 or 31.
* `term  Days Before First Purchase` and `term  Days between Repeat Purchases` reports displayed duplicate `term  Days` in the report output.
* Time zone for report notes defaulted to Mountain Standard Time. It now defaults to the time zone of the report suite.
* Dashboard was not showing the Hourly granularity option.
* CSV reports were not being delivered. This issue occurred when running reports with specific segments, and attempting to deliver them in email, then changing the CSV file names to the same name as the segments.
* Downloaded dashboards were showing incomplete notes.
* Text in PDF files had white lines through it and text was clipped at the top of characters.
* The attempt to edit a user group resulted in the error “Request includes invalid report ID.”
  *
  The login URL for a new user in reports &amp; analytics is no longer data-center specific, but a generic http://my.omniture.com/login.
  
  
* Saving processing rules after having removed items from the `term  Otherwise do the following` section resulted the deleted items returning.
* Various Publishing widget issues were resolved:
    * Publishing Widget was not refreshing.
    * Publishing Widget was working in preview only, not in a live environment.
    * Publishing Widget was not showing all values for a filtered reportlet. It only showed one value.
  
* When logging in to edit an alert, the selected alert was blank.
* The attempt to enable App Reports for specific report suites in the Admin Console failed.
* Trying to delete classifications resulted in an error.
* `wintitle  Page View` report did not show the forecasting line on some yearly reports.
* Fixed formatting issues on yearly `wintitle  Return Visits Reports` with monthly granularity.
[ Top ](05222014.md#marketingcloud)

## Report Builder {#fixes_arb}

**Fixes**

* Resolved a casing issue with the "Start with" filter operator that affected requests in a scheduling context only.
* A `wintitle  Page` Classification report broken down by `wintitle  Products` report, when combined with the `wintitle  Revenue` metric returned None.
* An `term  Invalid Element` error was returned when breaking down a `wintitle  Page` classification report by a `wintitle  Tracking Code` classification report.
* Running any `wintitle  GeoSegmentation` report on two or more conversion event metrics returned no data.
* Running any `wintitle  GeoSegmentation` report on a custom event metric returned no data.
* A workbook could not be scheduled for delivery as a `filepath  .pdf` file; it always arrived as an Excel workbook.
* Unable to create an hourly scheduled report at the desired time.
* For the Mobile App dimension, only the `wintitle  App Store ID Report` was available. There are now ten other reports available for this dimension.
* When filtering on a classification, data was shown in `keyword  marketing reports &amp; analytics`, but not in `keyword  report builder`. The `wintitle  Selected Filter` form is now populated based on the element and metric that is selected in the report builder request.
* Fixed an issue preventing you from adding recipients in the report builder’s `wintitle  Schedule Manager`. An error was thrown, stating: "The selected workbook format is not supported by Adobe Report Builder's Scheduling feature."
* When running the `wintitle  Site Sections` report with the Referrer Types dimension on the Unique Visitor metric, an error was issued and no data was returned.
* The filter on an eVar report was not showing all available line items.
* Report builder reports contained unreadable line items when they were too long for the variable. Items were truncated in the middle of a multi-byte character.
* Requests in report builder were not returning the requested data, despite the API request containing that data.
* When running the `wintitle  Pages Report` with a custom traffic dimension on multiple metrics, no data was displayed. However, if you selected only "Page Views" as the metric, data was displayed.
* When scheduling report in PDF format, the email sent had no report attached.
* When pulling events for a `wintitle  Geosegmentation Country` report, report builder returned zeroes.
* Formatting issues in trended reports were fixed.
* When logged in to `keyword  report builder`, you could not `uicontrol  Save as` &gt; `uicontrol  Save to PDF` in Excel. When not logged in to report builder, this action was possible.
* Formatting issues for reports with a monthly granularity spanning across the migration date were fixed.
* Running a `keyword  report builder` request on participation metrics with monthly granularity returned no data.
* Unable to copy/paste request in Microsoft Office 2013 when using `keyword  report builder`.
* The `wintitle  Unique Visitors`metric was not available in the “Standard-commerce” metrics list.
* Running the `wintitle  Visit Number` report in a non-English locale while specifying elements by `uicontrol  Filter` &gt; `uicontrol  Specific` &gt; `uicontrol  From list` in the `wintitle  Request Wizard` returned no data. Localized element names were directly submitted as query conditions.
* A prop broken down by Referring Domains returned no data.
* Adding the 'Product View Custom (event7)' for the `wintitle  Geosegmentation` country report in `keyword  report builder` returned no data.
* Scheduled report included the wrong start date.
* `uicontrol  Visitor Profile` &gt; `uicontrol  Geosegmentation US DMA` report did not pull lifecycle metrics and returned no data.
* Hourly reports were failing intermittently in `keyword  report builder`.
* These classified reports were unavailable in `keyword  report builder`:
    * Mobile App &gt; Lifecycle Reports &gt; Lifecycle Variables &gt; First Launch Date Reports
    * Video &gt; Video Variables &gt; Video &gt; Video
  
* Keywords translated incorrectly when imported into `keyword  report builder`.
* Scheduled reports returned partial data, whereas scheduling the reports manually populated the data as expected.
* The Geocountry report with revenue did not return any data when selecting granularity other than `wintitle  Aggregate`.
* Scheduled reports did not have all requests properly refreshed.
* Unable to download a library workbook that was uploaded by a user with a hyphenated name.
[ Top ](05222014.md#marketingcloud)

## Ad Hoc Analysis {#fixes_ad_hoc}

**Fixes**

The following issues were fixed for this release:

* New `filepath  .jar` files were added to the `keyword  ad hoc analysis` install, requiring you to update your `filepath  .jnlp` file to launch.
* Tooltip text was added to the `wintitle  Dimension` pane to identify the original parent of the dimension. If two dimensions have the same name, you can now hover over a dimension to identify its origin and differentiate it from other dimensions with the same name.
* Fixed an issue where scheduled reports with a name that begins with a multibyte character would fail to run.
## Data Workbench {#fixes_data_workbench}

**Fixes**

* The Visual Site lookup file was updated to address search engine changes to the query search term.
* Fixed error message in the client workstation that displayed when importing a workspace, even though the import was successful.
* The "post" command can now be executed in Report Server.
* Fixed client user interface errors for Simplified Chinese.
* `keyword  Adobe Analytics` will update and enhance the data feed that powers data workbench to take advantage of the Master Marketing Profile that integrates with the `keyword  Adobe Marketing Cloud`. All data workbench users were required to prepare their environment for this transition by April 21, 2014.
  The master marketing profile was introduced to provide a complete view of customers across `wintitle  Adobe Analytics`. This new service is available within the `keyword  Adobe Marketing Cloud` to drive further value across analytics tools to start establishing the foundation for these features within `keyword  Analytics`. The new `keyword  Marketing Cloud` visitor identifier will be added to the data feed, along with other enhancements and improvements to adapt to the new data feed and global visitor identifier.
  
  
See [ Data Workbench 6.2 updates ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/insight/whatsnew/?f=c_release_notes_insight_62) for additional release information.

[ Top ](05222014.md#marketingcloud)

## Data Warehouse {#fixes_data_warehouse}

**Fixes**

* Fixed an issue that caused Referring Domain dimension to not match reports &amp; analytics in some circumstances.
* Using Revenue Participation metric resulted in data returning different revenue results when pulled at different dates/times.
* Non-Admin user was able to cancel scheduled data warehouse requests.
* Trying to access data warehouse caused a network acceleration timeout.
* Data warehouse re-added classifications of `varname  post_tnt` (Campaign, Recipe, and Campaign &gt; Recipe) for reporting and segmentation.
>[!NOTE]
>
>Data warehouse access from Version 14 will be removed in this release.[ Learn more ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/reference/?f=whatsnew_segments)
[ Top ](05222014.md#marketingcloud)

## Clickstream
      Data Feeds {#clickstream}

**New OS Types Lookup File coming June 19, 2014**

Clickstream data feed customers that are currently receiving the `codeph  os` column will automatically receive an additional lookup file for OS types starting June 19, 2014. Before this date, ensure that your processing system is prepared to receive this additional lookup file.

**Mobile Carrier Column Now Available**

Mobile carrier data is now available in clickstream data feeds (this data is currently displayed on the Visitor Profile &gt; Technology &gt; Mobile Carrier report in marketing reports &amp; analytics). [ Contact customer care ](contact_and_legal.md#concept_34A1CA16F2244D42930BB77846A5ABBB) to have the carrier column and lookup file added to your data feed.

**Upcoming data feed column expansion**

Adobe is currently evaluating an increase to the size of many data feed fields. Increasing the field size provides additional functionality in `keyword  Adobe Analytics`. However, the larger fields could have an impact on customer ETL (extract, transform, load) processes that ingest data feed data. To prepare for this change, all customers should complete the changes explained in [ Data Feed Column Expansion ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/sc/clickstream/?f=datafeeds_whatsnew).

[ Top ](05222014.md#marketingcloud)

## AppMeasurement
      and Mobile SDKs {#appmeasurement_sdk}

** `keyword  AppMeasurement` for JavaScript**

**1.3.1**

* AppMeasurement for JavaScript `codeph  s_gi` function was not correctly finding instances created using H code `codeph  s_gi`. Note that this issue only impacted some dual tagging implementations where AppMeasurement for JavaScript and H code were on the same page with separate instances, and `codeph  s_gi` was being used to find instances by report suite.
**JavaScript H code (Legacy)**

**H.27.1**

Released June 11, 2014

* Fixed an issue in the Analytics for Target integration that caused some hits to incorrectly be merged.
**H.27**

* Support for the [ Marketing Cloud Visitor ID service ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mcvid/).
* Support for the [ Analytics for Target integration ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/target/a4t/).
**Marketing Cloud Visitor ID Service**

**1.2.2**

* Fixed handling of 2 character top-level domains like ".no" and ".us" when writing cookies.
** `keyword  AppMeasurement` for Other Platforms**

See [ AppMeasurement Release History ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/sc/appmeasurement/release/index.html) the following for a release history of `keyword  AppMeasurement` on the following platforms:

* JavaScript
* iOS
* Android
* Flash-Flex
* OSX
* Windows Phone, XBOX, Silverlight, and .NET
* BlackBerry
* Java
* PHP
* Symbian
[ Top ](05222014.md#marketingcloud)

## Analytics
      Web Services (SOAP and REST
			 APIs) {#analytics_web_svcs}

**Updates**

* `wintitle  Real-Time` reports are now supported by the Reporting API 1.4.
* The `wintitle  Analytics Summary Report` is now available in the Reporting API 1.4.
* Report requests now support non-UTF-8 characters in element names using the `codeph  elementDataEncoding` parameter.
* Data connectors API now supports REST requests.
* The data warehouse API supports creating segments that are compatible with the `keyword  Analytics` unified segmentation capability, with the limitation that segments created using the data warehouse API should be edited only in the data warehouse API. If you edit these segments in the Segment Builder interface, the changes are not reflected in the API.
**New Features and Enhancements**

<table id="table_3CA51E873E324FD4B7CF14190F127A77"> 
 <tgroup cols="2"> 
  <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1" colwidth="1.00*" /> 
  <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2" colwidth="2.79*" /> 
  <thead> 
   <tr> 
    <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Feature </th> 
    <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
   </tr> 
  </thead> 
  <tbody> 
   <tr valign="top"> 
    <td colname="col1"> Global report suite support </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p> <span class="wintitle"> Social </span> now supports global report suites that provide an aggregate view across an organization's various properties. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr valign="top"> 
    <td colname="col1"> Unified Moderation enhancements </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>The following enhancements have been made in Unified Moderation: </p> <p> <b>Auto-Notification Rules: </b>Create moderation rules that automatically send notification messages to one or more email addresses if a content is posted containing specified words to your owned Facebook pages. </p> <p> <b>Twitter Conversation Feeds: </b>Configure or edit a feed to facilitate moderation of individual tweets and their comments. </p> <p> <b>Actionable Notification of New Content in Moderation Feeds:</b> Manually refresh posts in saved moderation feeds using an actionable indicator that lets you know when new content is available. </p> <p> <b>Post Type Filter: </b>Create a Facebook or Twitter moderation feed that displays posts by post type. For Facebook, you can filter by <span class="wintitle"> Posts </span> and <span class="wintitle"> Comments/Replies </span>. For Twitter, you can filter by <span class="wintitle"> Tweet </span>, <span class="wintitle"> Replies </span>, and <span class="wintitle"> Retweets </span>. </p> <p> <b>Social User Profile: </b> <span class="wintitle"> Social </span> can automatically connect a user's various social user profiles across different platforms (Facebook, Twitter, and LinkedIn) to create a unified social profile. You must contact your Social Account Manager to enable this setting. The enhanced user's author's page also now displays emotion and sentiment information and lets you moderate content without returning to the moderation feed. </p> <p> <b>Export Moderation History Report: </b>The Microsoft Excel file you can download from the <span class="wintitle"> Moderation Overview </span> dashboard now contains a <span class="wintitle"> Moderation Actions History </span> sheet that displays detailed information about every moderation action performed during the specified time period. </p> <p> <b>Timestamp Enhancements: </b>You can hover over the timestamp on any tweet to view the complete timestamp and display the listening rule that captured the content. You can also click the timestamp to open Twitter to view the content. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr valign="top"> 
    <td colname="col1"> Send reports via email according to schedule </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>Schedule and send a report in Microsoft Excel format to one or more email addresses, immediately or according to schedule. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr valign="top"> 
    <td colname="col1"> Edit posts in Publisher Preview </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>You can now edit posts for all platforms (Facebook, Twitter, Google+, and so forth) in the Publisher's Preview panel. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr valign="top"> 
    <td colname="col1"> Set Social home page </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>Set a default home page that automatically displays whenever you log in to <span class="wintitle"> Social </span>. You can set the default home page from the pop-up that displays when you log in to <span class="wintitle"> Social </span> or in <span class="wintitle"> Preferences </span>. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
  </tbody> 
 </tgroup> 
</table>

**Fixes, Enhancements, and Deprecations**

In addition to the new features and enhancements described above, enhancements and fixes in `keyword  Social` 3.3 focus on improved performance, scalability, usability, and reliability. More than 460 back-end fixes and enhancements address these areas. The fixes highlighted below describe resolutions for the more important customer-reported issues.

* The `wintitle  Share a SWF` feature in the `wintitle  Content Calendar` and `wintitle  Publisher` has been deprecated.
* LinkedIn recommends that companies publish to groups natively using LinkedIn. LinkedIn group support in `keyword  Social` has been deprecated.
* Fixed an issue that caused "mixed content" warnings on the `wintitle  Marketing Overview` dashboard.
* Fixed an issue that prevented users from updating sentiment on the `wintitle  Social Buzz` report.
* Fixed an issue where the change to Daylight Saving Time caused some Facebook data to not display correctly in the `wintitle  Social Buzz` report.
* Fixed an issue that caused some metric data in the `wintitle  Social Campaigns` report to be incorrect.
* Fixed an issue when searching for campaigns in the `wintitle  Social Campaigns` report that caused campaigns that did not contain the search term to display as results. "No Results" now displays if the search term is not contained in any campaign names.
* Fixed an issue that caused metric discrepancies for post engagements in the graph and chart on the `wintitle  Competitor Analytics` report.
* Fixed an issue that caused inconsistent metric numbers in the `wintitle  Properties` report's roll-up view and in the property's `wintitle  Property Details` report.
* Images now display in the `wintitle  Properties` and `wintitle  Posts` reports for age-gated pages.
* Fixed an issue that prevented time stamps from displaying on the `wintitle  Post Analytics` report for LinkedIn and YouTube posts.
* Fixed an issue that caused Twitter replies to not display in the donut chart on the `wintitle  Post Details` report.
* Fixed an issue that caused some campaigns to display twice in the `wintitle  Social Campaigns` report.
* Fixed an issue that prevented the YouTube channel name from displaying on a post's `wintitle  Post Details` report.
* Changed the tool tip for the YouTube engagement metric to not include subscribers in the calculation.
* Fixed an issue that prevented `keyword  Social` from performing large report downloads.
* Geo-target data in downloaded reports is no longer truncated.
* Fixed column label issues for `wintitle  New Page Likes` and `wintitle  Total Page Likes` in the downloaded Excel file for the `wintitle  Competitor Analytics` report.
* Fixed an issue in the `wintitle  Publisher` when users create a draft Facebook post with more than 140 characters and then switched the target platform to Twitter prior to publishing. Even if users cleared all text to conform to the Twitter 140-character limit, an error displayed stating that the tweet contained too many characters.
* Fixed the error message that displays when users attempt to post the same content twice. The error message now states that the post is a duplicate rather than the previous message that stated "Social n/w is experiencing issues."
* The notification email sent when a Facebook page needs to be reauthorized now includes the page name.
* Enhanced the `wintitle  Publisher` to retry failed posts immediately and then retry for 15 minutes instead of seven minutes, if necessary.
* Fixed an issue that occurs in Chrome browsers running on Windows. This issue prevented users from typing text after a link copied from Excel is manually shortened.
* Fixed an issue that prevented users from copying text from Word and pasting it into the `wintitle  Publisher` when using Internet Explorer 11 running on Windows.
* Fixed an issue that allowed `keyword  Social` to accept animated gifs for Twitter posts, which caused a "media_ids parameter is invalid" error message to display. Twitter does not support animated gifs.
* Changed the error message and email message sent when a post fails that contains a link to a site that Facebook has blocked.
* Fixed an issue that caused Facebook posts with links to fail with Facebook error 206.
* Fixed an issue that caused Google+ posts to fail with a "connection refused" or "backend error" message.
* Enhanced the message emailed to users when a Google+ post fails to explain the reason for the failure.
* Fixed an issue in the `wintitle  Publisher` that caused properties added and subsequently removed to remain in the targets list.
* Fixed an issue that prevented the `wintitle  Properties &amp; Audiences` list in the `wintitle  Publisher` from loading and also prevented users from deselecting properties and audiences.
* Fixed an issue that caused draft posts to load slowly in the `wintitle  Publisher`.
* Enhanced the `wintitle  Publisher` to post larger thumbnails for links in Facebook posts. The thumbnail is now the same if you post the link from `keyword  Social` or post the link directly using Facebook.
* Fixed an issue that caused tweets containing links to fail with the following error message: "Character limit has been exceeded after auto-shortening."
* Fixed an issue that prevents `keyword  Social` from hitting rate limits for YouTube video analytics.
* Fixed an issue that prevented links containing pipes ( | ) in URLS to be shortened.
* Fixed an issue that caused rule variables with hyphens ( - ) in the name to fail.
* Enhanced the error messaging when listening-rule bulk uploads fail to more adequately explain the reason for the failure.
* Fixed an issue that caused an apostrophe ( ' ) to display at runtime when using the `wintitle  Zip/Postal Code` form element in an application.
* Fixed an issue that caused an approver to be automatically added when reauthorizing a Twitter account in `keyword  Social`.
* A green badge now displays in `keyword  Social` after a page group is successfully created.
* Fixed an issue that prevented users from removing a user group from `keyword  Social` that contains many users.
* Fixed an issue when deleting a user group with ownership of a social property to grant ownership of the property to the next user group in the list.
* Fixed an issue that prevented users from sending metadata to SAINT due to SSL errors.
* Added functionality to help developers determine what caused `keyword  Adobe Analytics` to sometimes display an invalid application error if a post has campaign tracking associated with it.
[ Top ](05222014.md#marketingcloud)

** `keyword  Target` Standard**

Fixes:

* Fixed an issue where previewing an experience did not work as expected.
** `keyword  Recommendations` **

Added support for Past Behavior-based recommendations. These recommendations work across sessions, and include recently viewed items.

[ Top ](05222014.md#marketingcloud)

## Search&Promote
      8.14.0 {#section_D28F5C0158D64702896CF29E3887E42A}

**Fixes**


* If `filepath  sqlite_open` fails, the old sqlite database file is moved out of the way and a new one is created from scratch.
* Core search results were inconsistent when the same search was repeated.
* Performance improvement of template processing when there are many fields being output per search result.
* Added Notes to `wintitle  Business Rule History`.
* Performance of the result-based triggers and actions preview-index regeneration phase, during indexing operations, steadily degraded over time.
* Changed **Reset SPIN cache** option from boolean no/next-run to a tri-state: no/always/next-run.

[ Top ](05222014.md#marketingcloud)

Adobe Media Optimizer accurately predicts the impact of changes to your search, display, and social ads, then helps you manage and automate the campaigns, freeing resources for other high-impact initiatives.

* The Data Integration Library (DIL) has been updated (v4.9) to use the Adobe Marketing Cloud Visitor ID. You must use Visitor Service v1.2.1 or later.
* [ Audience management release notes ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/demdex/c_release_notes.html).
* Advertising management - Help for advertising management is available in the product at  `uicontrol  Help`  &gt; `uicontrol  Help Contents` .
[ Top ](05222014.md#marketingcloud)

`keyword  Adobe Campaign` provides an intuitive, automated way to deliver one-to-one messages across online and offline marketing channels. You can now anticipate what your clients want using experiences determined by their habits and preferences.

For product documentation, see: [ Adobe Campaign Documentation ](https://support.neolane.net/doc/AC6.1/en/home.html).

[ Top ](05222014.md#marketingcloud)

`keyword  Adobe Experience Manager` is an enterprise web content management system that lets you author, manage, develop, and publish your web sites.

For product documentation, see:

* Release notes: [ Adobe Experience Manager 6.0 Release Notes ](http://docs.adobe.com/content/docs/en/aem/6-0/release-notes.html)
* Help home: [ Adobe Experience Manager Help Home ](http://docs.adobe.com)
* Scene7 Publishing System: [ Scene7 Publishing System Release Notes ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/s7/release_notes/index.html)
[ Top ](05222014.md#marketingcloud)

