---
description: Noteworthy documentation additions and updates in the Adobe Marketing Cloud.
keywords: release notes
seo-description: Noteworthy documentation additions and updates in the Adobe Marketing Cloud.
seo-title: Key Documentation Updates in 2015
solution: Experience Cloud,Release Notes
title: Key Documentation Updates in 2015
---

# Key Documentation Updates in 2015


>[!NOTE]
>
>To receive release notes one week prior to the monthly product update, subscribe to the[ Adobe Priority Product Update ](https://www.adobe.com/subscription/priority-product-update.html). Release information in the Priority Product Update comes one week in advance of the release date and is subject to change. Please check back at release time for updates.

**Last update:** August 21, 2015

<!-- <p> 
 <note type="important">
   This page contains pre-release content and is subject to change on 8/20/2015. 
  <!--Use this note instead of the beta banner. Remove this note before localizing the file.--> 
 </note> </p> -->
* [ Marketing Cloud and Core Services ](08202015.md#marketingcloud)
* [ Analytics ](08202015.md#analytics) **(Updated)**
* [ Audience Manager ](08202015.md#aam)
* [ Social ](08202015.md#social)
* [ Target ](08202015.md#target)
* [ Media Optimizer ](08202015.md#mediaoptimizer)
* [ Campaign ](08202015.md#campaign)
* [ Experience Manager ](08202015.md#experiencemanager)
* [ Key Documentation Updates in 2015 ](08202015.md#docupdates)
* [ Key Features Released in 2014 ](11132014.md#key_features)
## Dynamic Tag Management {#dtm}

July 13, 2015

Adobe has deprecated the use of Amazon S3 as a DTM library hosting option.

See [ What's New in Dynamic Tag Management ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/dtm/whatsnew.html) for current and cumulative release notes, help, and documentation updates.

[ Top ](08202015.md#marketingcloud)

* [ New Features in Analytics ](08202015.md#analytics/features_analytics) **(Updated 8/21/2015):**
  The deprecated SFTP key (communicated publicly in the Fall of 2013) used for transferring data warehouse reports and data feeds was permanently removed.
  
  Please contact Client Care to obtain a new SFTP key. Note that Adobe now supports both RSA and DSA keys (since not all SFTP implementations support one or the other). (AN-102692)
  
  
* Fixes:
    * [ Reports &amp; Analytics Fixes ](08202015.md#analytics/fixes_reports_analytics)
    * [ Ad Hoc Analysis Fixes ](08202015.md#analytics/fixes_ad_hoc)
    * [ Data Workbench Fixes ](08202015.md#analytics/fixes_data_workbench)
    * [ Data Warehouse Fixes ](08202015.md#analytics/fixes_data_warehouse)
    * [ Clickstream Data Feed Fixes ](08202015.md#analytics/clickstream)
    * [ AppMeasurement and Mobile SDKs ](08202015.md#analytics/appmeasurement_sdk)
  
## New Features in 
			 
     
      Analytics {#features_analytics}

**Last update:** August 20, 2015

<table id="table_91D1FD20C4C1411292252364328677AF"> 
 <tgroup cols="2"> 
  <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1" colwidth="1.00*" /> 
  <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2" colwidth="3.93*" /> 
  <thead> 
   <tr> 
    <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Feature </th> 
    <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
   </tr> 
  </thead> 
  <tbody> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> Current Password field </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>In <span class="uicontrol"> Admin </span> &gt; <span class="uicontrol"> User Management </span>, the Current Password field has been added for security purposes. Administrators who want to add a user account, or edit an existing one, must enter their administrative password in this field. 
      <!--AN-103167--></p> </td> 
   </tr> 
  </tbody> 
 </tgroup> 
</table>



## Reports & Analytics Fixes {#fixes_reports_analytics}

* Updated the Classification Rule Builder with the [ Select Report Suites and Variables ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/reference/?f=classification_rule_definitions) panel. This panel lets you add report suites and variables to an existing rule set. Previously, you specified the variable and report suite while creating the rule set. This change prevents reported issues occurring with classification variables.
* Fixed a permissions issue that occurred when creating and editing segments. (AN-106175)
* Fixed an issue that occurred when a user, after checking “Remember Me” on the login page, logged in and tried to modify a report that was sent via a link. This resulted in an “Access Denied” error. (AN-89504 + AN-107008)
* Fixed an issue with hourly alerts not working properly on calculated metrics reports. (AN-105946)
* Fixed an issue with the View All Reports search feature not working in IE 11. (AN-104672 + AN-102566)
* Fixed an issue that prevented the use of special characters (UTF-8 and multi-byte) in processing rules. (AN-102095)
* Fixed an issue where the Product View metric was missing from the Product report. (AN-106692)
* Fixed an issue that prevented the scheduling of reports with a delivery frequency of Yearly. (AN-105562)
* Fixed an issue that prevented scheduled dashboards with multi-byte characters from getting delivered. (AN-106309)
* Fixed an issue that prevented the Segment and User Management interfaces from loading. (AN-106627)
* Fixed an issue that caused Segment Details to not be displayed. (AN-105185)
* Fixed an issue with hourly alerts getting triggered incorrectly. (AN-97573 + AN-105946)
* Fixed an issue that resulted in an error when creating targets that contained calculated metrics. (AN-104410)
* Fixed an issue with calculated metrics in trended reports. (AN-105606)
* Fixed an issue with daily alerts not matching the values shown in the Key Metrics report. (AN-105953)
[ Top ](08202015.md#marketingcloud)

## Ad Hoc Analysis Fixes {#fixes_ad_hoc}

* Fixed an issue that prevented users from sharing segments with certain other users in the Ad Hoc Analysis Segment Manager. (AN-105679)
* Fixed an issue that occurred after the name (not the definition) of a calculated metric was changed and this resulted in different values being returned. (AN-106214)
* Fixed an issue with Ad Hoc reports not loading properly when using "Time" as the metric type. (AN-105806)
* Fixed an issue with hierarchy views not reporting data. (AN-103234)
* Fixed an issue with the Ad Hoc Analysis Segment Builder not offering “Minute” as a Within option in sequential segmentation. (AN-105632)
* Fixed an issue with statistics in Ad Hoc Analysis when report dimensions are used. (AN-105864)
## Data Warehouse Fixes {#fixes_data_warehouse}

* Fixed a Transactional Data Source data discrepancy between Reports &amp; Analytics and Data Warehouse, regarding metric calculations for entry pages. (AN-102263)
* Fixed an issue where some hits were not getting proper participation credit. (AN-106759)
* Fixed an issue where applying a segment containing classifications for the First/Last Touch Channel report to a data warehouse report did not retrieve any data. (AN-89294)
* Fixed an issue that caused crashes on column values larger than 2KB in size. (AN-106201, AN-106850)
* Fixed a Tableau file issue where the `filepath  .csv` file extension was not added when `term  .csv` was part of the file name. (AN-106466)
* Fixed an issue with Tableau files’ UTF-8 string handling in unicode fields. (AN-106467)
[ Top ](08202015.md#marketingcloud)

## Clickstream
      Data Feed Fixes {#clickstream}

  *
  **Update notice:** We are updating our data feed delivery infrastructure. We are adding additional IP addresses to the pool that we already use to deliver data feeds. If you have IP white list on your FTP sites that data feeds are delivering to, you will need to add these additional IP addresses to that white list.
    * London: 185.34.189.0/27, addition scheduled August 13, 2015
    * Oakland: 192.243.248.32/27, addition scheduled August 20, 2015
    * Dallas: 66.235.153.96/27, addition scheduled August 27, 2015
  
  
  *
  When using Amazon S3 to deliver data, a newly implemented `wintitle  BucketOwnerFullControl` feature assigns permission for cross-account uploads, making it possible for a user to create objects in a bucket that belong to a completely different account. The Amazon Web Services (AWS) account owner creates a bucket, creates a user with permissions to create objects in the bucket, and then provides credentials for another user to create objects. See [ Configuring Data Feeds ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/sc/clickstream/?f=datafeeds_configure) for complete information on this feature.
  
  
[ Top ](08202015.md#marketingcloud)

## AppMeasurement
      and Mobile SDKs {#appmeasurement_sdk}

<!-- <p>https://wiki.corp.adobe.com/display/omtrcache/Visitor+API+Release+Log </p> 
<p>https://wiki.corp.adobe.com/display/omtrcache/AppMeasurement+Change+Log </p> -->
**Marketing Cloud Visitor ID Service**

**1.5.1**

* Fixed a bug to prevent the `wintitle  Visitor ID Service` from requesting an iframe if there's no data to synchronize or fire. (AAM-20164)
  *
  Fixed a bug that prevented the `wintitle  Visitor ID Service` from properly setting a multi-part, top-level domain cookie. For example, if you have a domain like `codeph  my_company.co.uk`, under some circumstances, the `wintitle  Visitor ID Service` would set a cookie in `codeph  co.uk` only. (AN-104683)
  
  This only affected a few clients that met *all* of the following criteria:
  
    * Using the Visitor ID Service.
    * Enabled a [ grace period ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mcvid/?f=mcvid_grace_period.html)*or* are using first-party cookies and users block third-party cookies.
    * Have pages with multi-part, top-level domains.
  
**Known Issues**

`keyword  Analytics` and `keyword  Target` customers may experience latency increases after implementing the `wintitle  Visitor ID Service`.

** `keyword  AppMeasurement` for JavaScript**

**1.5.5**

* Inclusion of Visitor API 1.5.1
**JavaScript H code (Legacy)**

**H.27.5**

* Inclusion of Visitor API 1.5.1
** `keyword  AppMeasurement` for Other Platforms**

See [ AppMeasurement Release History ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/sc/appmeasurement/release/index.html) the following for a release history of `keyword  AppMeasurement` on the following platforms:

* JavaScript
* iOS
* Android
* Flash-Flex
* OSX
* Windows Phone, XBOX, Silverlight, and .NET
* BlackBerry
* Java
* PHP
* Symbian
[ Top ](08202015.md#marketingcloud)

<table id="table_17EBD45DB86049E9910F0E40360E6032"> 
 <tgroup cols="2"> 
  <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1" colwidth="*" /> 
  <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2" colwidth="*" /> 
  <thead> 
   <tr> 
    <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Feature </th> 
    <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
   </tr> 
  </thead> 
  <tbody> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> <p> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/aam/?f=profile-link-intro.html" format="https" scope="external"> Profile Link </a> </p> </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p> <span class="wintitle"> Profile Link </span> works with cross-device data sources to identify and collect traits for a person on multiple devices. </p> <p> <span class="wintitle"> Profile Link </span>, includes the <span class="wintitle"> Profile Merge Rules </span> feature. <span class="wintitle"> Profile Merge Rules </span> gives you control over the type of data sets that are used for segmentation. This lets you accurately target a person with the right message across multiple devices. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
  </tbody> 
 </tgroup> 
</table>



**Fixes, Enhancements, and Deprecations**

* Fixed a bug with Firefox that prevented you from setting a start date for sending segments to a destination. (AAM-15785)
* Fixed a bug in `wintitle  Trait Builder` that prevented the code view from displaying trait components properly when switching between `wintitle  Expression Builder` and `wintitle  Code View`. (AAM-15919, AAM-20121)
* Fixed a bug in `wintitle  Audience Marketplace` that let you model a data feed even when it was not enabled for modeling. (AAM-16495)
* In the basic information for a destination, the `wintitle  Data Export` labels show user-friendly names for the export controls applied to the destination. (AAM-19824)
* Fixed multiple `wintitle  Segment Builder` bugs that prevented it from:
    * Returning updated segment size data after editing a segment. (AAM-15809)
    * Returning trait sizes for 30-day intervals. (AAM-15982)
    * Recalculating the estimated segment size when building a complex rule. (AAM-20265)
  
* Fixed multiple `wintitle  Audience Marketplace` bugs:
    * Data buyers no longer see test or demo subscriber accounts. (AAM-11819)
    * The Venn diagram for a subscribed feed shows the overlap between your segment and the provider's segment as a frequency count instead of a %. (AAM-20495)
  
**New and Revised Documentation**

* New documentation describes how to bring data from a Google Doubleclick Campaign Manager (DCM) account into `keyword  Audience Manager`. See [ Import DCM Files Into Audience Manager ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/aam/?f=t_dcmlogs.html).
* New documentation describes how to work with the `wintitle  Bulk Management Tools`. See [ Bulk Management Tools ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/aam/?f=c_bulk.html) for more information.
* Revised the [ Master Marketing Profile Integration ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/aam/?f=c_mmp.html) to update the context data variable. This variable is supposed to end with an underscore. Previously, it was shown ending with a period.
**Known Issues**

`keyword  Analytics` customers need to set an integration code when using the [ Master Marketing Profile ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/aam/?f=c_mmp.html) and passing declared IDs to `keyword  Audience Manager` with the [ Visitor ID Service ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mcvid/?f=mcvid_service.html). See [ Profile Merge Customer Enablement ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/aam/?f=c_profile_merge_enablement.html) for details.

[ Top ](08202015.md#marketingcloud)

<table id="table_191B769A5A8A405C87A34245BE6B1127"> 
 <tgroup cols="2"> 
  <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1" colwidth="1.00*" /> 
  <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2" colwidth="2.79*" /> 
  <thead> 
   <tr> 
    <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Feature </th> 
    <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
   </tr> 
  </thead> 
  <tbody> 
   <tr valign="top"> 
    <td colname="col1"> <p>Publish Anywhere </p> </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>Create and post content to social networks from anywhere within <span class="keyword"> Social </span>. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr valign="top"> 
    <td colname="col1"> <p>Create multi-image tweets </p> </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>Use <span class="wintitle"> Publish Anywhere </span> to create tweets that contain multiple images to increase engagement. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr valign="top"> 
    <td colname="col1"> <p>Download a moderation feed's contents. </p> </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>Download the content of a moderation feed to a Microsoft Excel file, including verbatims and the volume of content within the feed without having to dedupe the <span class="wintitle"> Moderation Overview </span> report's exported file contents. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr valign="top"> 
    <td colname="col1"> Adobe Aviary Integration </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>Edit photos with all of the features of the <span class="keyword"> Adobe Aviary </span> app within the <span class="keyword"> Adobe Social </span> mobile app. Add text (hashtags or memes), apply filters, and crop or retouch photos in a streamlined workflow. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
  </tbody> 
 </tgroup> 
</table>



**Fixes and Enhancements**

This `keyword  Social` release focuses on improved performance, scalability, usability, and reliability. More than 480 back-end fixes and enhancements address these areas. The fixes highlighted below describe resolutions for the more important customer-reported issues.

* Fixed an issue that prevented a thumbnail from displaying on Facebook if the post was published using the `wintitle  Attach Link` option to point to a video that was already uploaded to Facebook.
* Fixed issues in the `wintitle  Publish Anywhere` feature when accessed in Internet Explorer 9 (selecting frequently used properties, browsing for photos, and some UI text not displaying properly).
* Fixed an issue that prevented +1 metrics from displaying in the Post Analytics report.
[ Top ](08202015.md#marketingcloud)

Refer to the [ Adobe Target Release Notes ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/target/rn/) for the latest release information about the following products:

* Target Standard and Premium
* Target Classic
* Recommendations Classic
Advertising Management help is available in the product at  `uicontrol  Help`  &gt; `uicontrol  Help Contents` .

[ Top ](08202015.md#marketingcloud)

`keyword  Adobe Campaign` provides an intuitive, automated way to deliver one-to-one messages across online and offline marketing channels. You can now anticipate what your clients want using experiences determined by their habits and preferences.

For product documentation, see:

* [ Adobe Campaign Standard Release Notes ](https://docs.campaign.adobe.com/doc/standard/en/RN.html)
* [ Adobe Campaign Standard Documentation ](https://docs.campaign.adobe.com/doc/standard/en/home.html)
* [ Adobe Campaign v6 Release Notes ](http://support.neolane.net/doc/AC6.1/en/RN.html)
* [ Adobe Campaign v6 Documentation ](https://support.neolane.net/doc/AC6.1/en/home.html)
[ Top ](08202015.md#marketingcloud)

`keyword  Adobe Experience Manager` is an enterprise web content management system that lets you author, manage, develop, and publish your web sites.

For product documentation, see:

* Release notes: [ Adobe Experience Manager 6.1 Release Notes ](http://docs.adobe.com/docs/en/aem/6-1/release-notes.html)
* Help home: [ Adobe Experience Manager Help Home ](http://docs.adobe.com)
* Scene7 Publishing System: [ Scene7 Publishing System Release Notes ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/s7/release_notes/index.html)
* AEM Assets on Demand: [ Release Notes ](http://docs.adobe.com/content/docs/en/aod/overview/release-notes.html)
[ Top ](08202015.md#marketingcloud)

<table id="table_3C13024F4D754E2C98D7B8434A3497EF"> 
 <tgroup cols="3"> 
  <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1" colwidth="1.00*" /> 
  <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2" colwidth="4.06*" /> 
  <colspec colname="col3" colnum="3" colwidth="1.00*" /> 
  <thead> 
   <tr> 
    <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Item </th> 
    <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
    <th colname="col3" class="entry"> Date Published </th> 
   </tr> 
  </thead> 
  <tbody> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> <p> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/reference/?f=classification_rule_definitions" format="https" scope="external"> Select Report Suites and Variables </a> </p> </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>Updated the Classification Rule Builder so that you add report suites and variables to a rule set when editing an existing rule set (after creating the rule set). Previously, you specified the variable and report suite while creating the rule set. This change prevents reported issues occurring with classification variables. </p> </td> 
    <td colname="col3"> <p>August 20, 2015 </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> <p> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/whitepapers/first_party_cookies/?f=adobe_managed_cert_pgm" format="https" scope="external"> Adobe Managed Certificate Program </a> </p> </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>Added <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/whitepapers/first_party_cookies/?f=adobe_managed_cert_pgm" format="https" scope="external"> Adobe Managed Certificate Program </a> to the revamped <span class="term"> First-Party Cookies </span> product documentation. </p> <p>The managed certificate program lets you implement a new first-party SSL certificate for first-party cookies at no additional cost. </p> </td> 
    <td colname="col3"> <p>May 22, 2015 </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> <p> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mobile/" format="dita" scope="local"> Mobile </a> </p> </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>Revamped the Adobe Mobile product documentation. </p> </td> 
    <td colname="col3"> <p>May 22, 2015 </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> <p> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mcloud/index.html?f=core_services" format="https" scope="external"> Enabling Your Solutions for Core Services </a> </p> </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>A high-level round-up what you need to do to modernize your solution implementations for core services. </p> </td> 
    <td colname="col3"> <p>March 19, 2015 </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> <p> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mcloud/index.html?f=attributes" format="https" scope="external"> Customer Attributes </a> </p> </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>If you capture enterprise customer data in a customer relationship management (CRM) database, you can upload that data into the Marketing Cloud. </p> </td> 
    <td colname="col3"> <p>March 19, 2015 </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> <a href="03192015.xml#concept_3DD490B0F7DD4157BD55519762B53B0C" format="dita" scope="local"> Analytics Spring Release </a> </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>See the <a href="03192015.xml#analytics" format="dita" scope="local"> New Features </a> section in Analytics for a round-up of new documentation for the Spring 2015 Analytics release. </p> </td> 
    <td colname="col3"> <p>March 19, 2015 </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> <p>Analytics <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/reference/classification_rule_set.html" format="https" scope="external"> Classification Rules </a> - overwrite existing values </p> </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>In <span class="uicontrol"> Admin Tools </span> &gt; <span class="uicontrol"> Classification Rule Builder </span> &gt; <span class="term"> &lt;rule set name&gt; </span>, two new options enable you to select an overwrite mode: </p> 
     <ul id="ul_14E61CC9E94B431090539CB47A9B83D6"> 
      <li id="li_F77AEF4B136540E5A6E1040215999E85"> <b>Rules overwrite any existing values:</b> (Default setting) Always overwrite existing classification keys, including classifications uploaded via the importer (SAINT). </li> 
      <li id="li_0E82075DFBF04D1D8D686A5B95FCFB3E"> <b>Rules overwrite only unset values:</b> Only fill in blank (unset) cells. Existing classifications will not be changed. </li> 
     </ul> <p>Previously, if a key was already classified in any column or cell, the rule would not run on that key, and the row in the table was skipped. </p> </td> 
    <td colname="col3"> <p>February 19, 2015 </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
  </tbody> 
 </tgroup> 
</table>

