---
description: New features and fixes in Experience Manager and Scene7.
keywords: release notes
seo-description: New features and fixes in Experience Manager and Scene7.
seo-title: Experience Manager
solution: Experience Cloud,Release Notes
title: Experience Manager
---

# Experience Manager


>[!NOTE]
>
>To receive release notes one week prior to the monthly product update, subscribe to the[ Adobe Priority Product Update ](http://response.adobesystemsinc.com/content/customer-success-subscription). Release information in the Priority Product Update comes one week in advance of the release date. Please check back at release time for updates.

Release date: August 21, 2014

* [ Marketing Cloud and Core Services ](08212014.md#marketingcloud)
* [ Analytics ](08212014.md#analytics)
* [ Social ](08212014.md#social)
* [ Target ](08212014.md#target)
* [ Media Optimizer ](08212014.md#mediaoptimizer)
* [ Campaign ](08212014.md#campaign)
* [ Experience Manager ](08212014.md#experiencemanager)
* [ Marketing Cloud Interface ](08212014.md#marketingcloud/marketing_cloud_interface)
* [ Mobile Services 2.0 ](08212014.md#marketingcloud/mobile)
* [ Dynamic Tag Management ](08212014.md#marketingcloud/dtm)
## Marketing Cloud
      14.8.1 {#marketing_cloud_interface}

New features and fixes in the `keyword  Adobe Marketing Cloud` collaboration and sharing interface.

<table id="table_1E7DBEB5E83B4E4285B6FD1D718CD16D"> 
 <tgroup cols="2"> 
  <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1" colwidth="1.00*" /> 
  <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2" colwidth="1.67*" /> 
  <thead> 
   <tr> 
    <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Feature </th> 
    <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
   </tr> 
  </thead> 
  <tbody> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> <p>Mobile Services</p> </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>You can now access <span class="keyword"> Adobe Mobile Services </span> from the left-hand navigation. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> <p>New documentation URL.</p> </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p> <span class="keyword"> Marketing Cloud </span> help landing is now at: </p> <p> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mcloud/" format="https" scope="external"> https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mcloud/ </a> </p> <p>Please update your bookmarks.</p> </td> 
   </tr> 
  </tbody> 
 </tgroup> 
</table>

**Known Issues**

* Group and entitlement changes made in user management only take effect after a new login.
* Some users may not be able to create a card from a PDF and share it to a board.
* Some users may have trouble uploading assets to a board.
* Some users may not be able to log in from `keyword  Target` to `keyword  Marketing Cloud`.
* Some audience management users cannot log into the `keyword  Marketing Cloud`.
* Some users are able to delete an out-of-date asset instead of receiving an error notification.
* Files deleted from `keyword  Marketing Cloud` are not being deleted from `keyword  Digital Asset Management`.
* User are not able to share PowerPoint files on boards.
* Some `filepath  .png` files cannot be rendered on a card.
* `keyword  Marketing Cloud` interface can reduce in performance when in parallel use by many users.
* The `keyword  Search&amp;Promote` linking is not available from the `wintitle  Organizations &amp; Product Access` page.
See [ Getting Started with Adobe Marketing Cloud ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mcloud/home.html) for product help.

[ Top ](08212014.md#marketingcloud)

## Adobe 
			 
     
      Mobile Services {#mobile}

`keyword  Adobe Mobile Services` bring together mobile marketing capabilities for mobile applications from across the `keyword  Adobe Marketing Cloud`. Initially, the service provides seamless integration of app analytics and targeting capabilities from the `keyword  Adobe Analytics` and `keyword  Adobe Target` solutions. Learn more at [ Adobe Mobile services documentation ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mobile/).

**Fixes and Improvements**

* The Mobile help landing is now at:
  [ https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mobile/ ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mobile/)
  
  Please update your bookmarks.
  
  
* Updated interface colors to increase contrast for accessibility.
* Added the ability to create offline-enabled report suites. Meaning, if you copy from an offline-enabled (time-stamped) report suite, the new report suite is offline-enabled. The Mobile App Template is offline-enabled as well.
* Log improvements: The logs now show that report suites with mobile application reporting enabled are automatically added to `keyword  Adobe Mobile Services` when you log in.
* Fix an issue causing incorrect sorting on trended reports.
* Fixed a layout issue of `wintitle  Manage Points of Interest` page on iPads.
* Improved the validation of acquisition links to prevent links from failing to show a status of `term  Ready`.
* Fixed an issue preventing tracking codes from showing up in `keyword  Analytics`. This fix automatically populates `varname  s.campaign` with acquisition tracking codes
* Fixed an issue preventing list variables from being copied when creating a new report suite.
* Fixed a search issue for `wintitle  Organizations` in the `wintitle  Account Settings` dialog box.
* Improved automatic Chinese detection in Internet Explorer for Windows 8 and 8.1.
* `keyword  Mobile` now does not allow you to disable eVars when there are custom processing rules that rely on the eVars.
* Fixed a scrolling issue in the store app search list in Internet Explorer.
* Fixed an issue causing Chinese and Korean characters to truncate in Internet Explorer.
* Fixed a sorting issue in the `wintitle  First Launch Cohorts Report`.
* Fixed an issue causing spaces to be encoded as plus signs (+) in acquisition links.
* Fixed phantom clicks occurring on iPads
* Fixed minor display and behavior issues in the `wintitle  Notifications` list.
See [ Adobe Mobile Services ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mobile/) for product documentation. To see the release notes for previous releases, expand *Previous Release Notes* in the left pane.

[ Top ](08212014.md#marketingcloud)

## Dynamic Tag Management {#dtm}

>[!NOTE]
>
>Dynamic tag management releases weekly. See[ What's New in Dynamic Tag Management ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/dtm/whatsnew.html) for current and cumulative release notes, help, and documentation updates.
**August 21, 2014**

Fixes and improvements:

* The help landing for dynamic tag management is now at:
  [ https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/dtm/ ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/dtm/)
  
  Please update your bookmarks accordingly.
  
  
* Fixed an issue where re-enabling a previously disabled property caused all approved items to be immediately published. A property will now be enabled, but published assets will not be affected until a publish request is explicitly requested by a user with appropriate permissions.
* Fixed an issue where custom code editors in dynamic tag management were truncating the last few lines of displayed code.
* Fixed an issue where reverting a tool to a previous version did not revert all settings for that tool.
* Users can now force a data element's value to be automatically converted to lowercase before it is returned and used.
* Fixed issue where a race condition in the dynamic tag management engine prevented data from being sent correctly to audience management.
**August 7, 2014**

<table id="table_37894582D32549959E712BD120D8CA4F"> 
 <tgroup cols="2"> 
  <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1" colwidth="1.00*" /> 
  <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2" colwidth="2.32*" /> 
  <thead> 
   <tr> 
    <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Feature </th> 
    <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
   </tr> 
  </thead> 
  <tbody> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> <p>Marketing Cloud ID Service</p> </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>You can automate the deployment of the <span class="keyword"> Marketing Cloud </span> ID Service using dynamic tag management. </p> <p>See <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/dtm/macid.html" format="https" scope="external"> Marketing Cloud ID Service </a> in <span class="term"> Dynamic Tag Management Help </span>. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
  </tbody> 
 </tgroup> 
</table>

Fixes and improvements:

* The help landing for dynamic tag management is now at:
  [ https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/dtm/ ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/dtm/)
  
  Please update your bookmarks accordingly.
  
  
* Fixed an issue where reverting an `keyword  Analytics` account to a previous version resulted in a 404 error.
* Fixed an issue where Approvers trying to view details on a previous version, while reviewing an approvable item, were unable to expand the appropriate sections.
* Added support in `keyword  Adobe Analytics` tool configuration for visitor namespace.
* Upgraded the code editor used throughout dynamic tag management, which provides additional features, including support for extra-long lines of code.
* Fixed an issue where events set in the `keyword  Analytics` rule UI were not being sent as part of data collection when the rule was set to use `varname  s.t()`.
* Fixed an issue where the Force Lowercase option was not working in Google Universal Analytics.
* Fixed an issue where the default value was not returned when specifying a DOM element that did not have the attribute defined as specified in the CSS selector for the data element.
* Fixed an issue where reverting an `keyword  Analytics` tool to a previous version did not revert all elements of that account, resulting in a mixture of old and new settings for the tool.
[ Top ](08212014.md#marketingcloud)

* [ New Features in Analytics ](08212014.md#analytics/features_analytics)
* Fixes:
    * [ Marketing Reports &amp; Analytics ](08212014.md#analytics/fixes_reports_analytics)
    * [ Report Builder ](08212014.md#analytics/fixes_arb)
    * [ Ad Hoc Analysis ](08212014.md#analytics/fixes_ad_hoc)
    * [ Data Warehouse ](08212014.md#analytics/fixes_data_warehouse)
    * [ Clickstream Data Feeds ](08212014.md#analytics/clickstream)
  
* [ AppMeasurement and Mobile SDKs ](08212014.md#analytics/appmeasurement_sdk)
## New Features in 
			 
     
      Analytics {#features_analytics}

<table id="table_91D1FD20C4C1411292252364328677AF"> 
 <tgroup cols="2"> 
  <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1" colwidth="1.00*" /> 
  <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2" colwidth="2.81*" /> 
  <thead> 
   <tr> 
    <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Feature </th> 
    <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
   </tr> 
  </thead> 
  <tbody> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> <p>Support for "matches" and "does not match" in data warehouse segments</p> </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>Data warehouse now supports “matches” and “does not match” in segment definitions. (Reports &amp; Analytics and Ad Hoc Analysis already support this.)</p> <p>Segments that were previously incompatible with data warehouse because data warehouse did not support “matches” and “does not match” will become compatible after the release (assuming that’s the only reason the segment was incompatible.) Additional segments may appear in the data warehouse segment list after the release.</p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> <p>Report File Name added to <span class="wintitle"> Scheduled Reports Manager </span></p> </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p> <span class="wintitle"> Scheduled Reports Manager </span> now includes a <span class="uicontrol"> File Name </span> column. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> <p>Segments.Save in Web Services API</p> </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/developer/en_US/documentation/segments-1-4/r-save" format="https" scope="external"> Segments.Save </a> was added to the 1.4 Web Services API to save segments that are compatible with the recently updated segment builder interface. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
  </tbody> 
 </tgroup> 
</table>

## Marketing Reports & Analytics {#fixes_reports_analytics}

**Fixes**

* When downloading the `wintitle  Next Page` report to Excel or CSV, the report did not show the correct data. PDF and Word did show the correct data.
* Users were unable to download `uicontrol  Marketing Channels` &gt; `uicontrol  Marketing Channel Overview Report` in Excel format.
* After the user deleted a dashboard, scheduled reports kept delivering but could not be found in the `keyword  Schedule Manager`.
* When copying a shared dashboard through `uicontrol  Copy me` in `wintitle  Manage Dashboards`, the copied dashboard inherited the scheduling of the original dashboard and the original dashboard lost it.
* Segmentation: Exclude sub-containers did not show up as red in Internet Explorer.
* List variables were not available in Data Extract reporting.
* Users were unable to use correlations even if they had access to traffic.
* Publishing widgets did not show correct date ranges.
* Report suite selection search field was not working for certain report suites.
* After applying a segment to a dashboard, the `uicontrol  Save` button was not available.
* `wintitle  Scheduled Reports Manager` did not display any scheduled reports.
* When searching within `uicontrol  Scheduled Reports Manager` &gt; `uicontrol  Report Logs`, the filter did not honor the date range selected and defaulted back to May to July 2014.
* Fixed an issue that caused the Amazon Kindle Fire HD to be incorrectly identified on the `wintitle  Device Type Report`. This device is now reported correctly.
* Fixed an issue that caused some Android 4.4.2 phones to be reported as Linux OS on the `wintitle  Device Type Report`. These devices are now reported correctly.
[ Top ](08212014.md#marketingcloud)

## Report Builder {#fixes_arb}

**Fixes**

* `wintitle  Current Day` reports did not refresh correctly for some time zones. `wintitle  Current Day` reports will refresh based on report suite time zone.
* Retrieving bookmarks and dashboards slowed down report builder authentication. Moving the retrieval of bookmarks and dashboards to Request Wizard Step 1 solved this issue. Bookmarks and dashboards are now imported only when users click the bookmark or dashboard.
* Refreshing some workbooks with a number of requests resulted in an error.
[ Top ](08212014.md#marketingcloud)

## Ad Hoc Analysis {#fixes_ad_hoc}

**Fixes**

* In May 2014, Single Page Visits was inadvertently renamed to Single Access. In August 2014, this name change was reverted.
* A new Single Access metric was added. This metric allows you to view the number of visits where there was only one value in a visit, and is also available in Report &amp; Analytics.
* `wintitle  Current Day` reports did not refresh correctly for some time zones. With this fix, the `wintitle  Current Day` reports will refresh as designed.
* Instance metrics for Marketing Channels were not displaying in the left pane of Ad Hoc Analysis. The Instance metrics now display correctly.
* The Save Project As feature was not working in earlier versions. This has now been fixed.
## Data Warehouse {#fixes_data_warehouse}

**Fixes**

* `wintitle  Referrer` report was incorrectly reporting internal referrers.
* Running a data warehouse report on a currency metric with a visit-level breakdown resulted in incorrect data.
[ Top ](08212014.md#marketingcloud)

## Clickstream
      Data Feeds {#clickstream}

Not updated in this release.

[ Top ](08212014.md#marketingcloud)

## AppMeasurement
      and Mobile SDKs {#appmeasurement_sdk}

** `keyword  AppMeasurement` for JavaScript**

**1.4**

* Removed tracking of browser plug-ins ( `codeph  p` query parameter) as plug-ins are no longer reported in version 15.
* Addition of the audience management module in the download zip.
**JavaScript H code (Legacy)**

**H.27.3**

* Internal changes to support upcoming features.
**Marketing Cloud Visitor ID Service**

**1.3.1**

* Added a `codeph  cookieDomain` configuration variable to let you specify the domain on which the cookie is set for domains that cannot be determined automatically.
** `keyword  AppMeasurement` for Other Platforms**

See [ AppMeasurement Release History ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/sc/appmeasurement/release/index.html) the following for a release history of `keyword  AppMeasurement` on the following platforms:

* JavaScript
* iOS
* Android
* Flash-Flex
* OSX
* Windows Phone, XBOX, Silverlight, and .NET
* BlackBerry
* Java
* PHP
* Symbian
[ Top ](08212014.md#marketingcloud)

<table id="table_3CA51E873E324FD4B7CF14190F127A77"> 
 <tgroup cols="2"> 
  <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1" colwidth="1.00*" /> 
  <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2" colwidth="2.79*" /> 
  <thead> 
   <tr> 
    <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Feature </th> 
    <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
   </tr> 
  </thead> 
  <tbody> 
   <tr valign="top"> 
    <td colname="col1"> New Social User interface </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p> The <span class="keyword"> Social </span> 3.3.3 release (08/21/14) introduces a new user interface (UI) with some subtle differences that you need to be aware of. </p> <p>See <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/social/c_gs_new_ui.html" format="https" scope="external"> New Social Interface Changes </a> in <span class="term"> Adobe Social Help </span>. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr valign="top"> 
    <td colname="col1"> New documentation URL </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>The <span class="keyword"> Social </span> documentation has been moved to the following location: </p> <p> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/social/" format="https" scope="external"> https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/social/ </a> </p> <p>Please update your bookmarks.</p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr valign="top"> 
    <td colname="col1"> New training videos </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>Added 14 new training videos and removed a few outdated videos.</p> <p>New videos include the following:</p> 
     <ul id="ul_58163E9482C848A994369F1E50F6295A"> 
      <li id="li_44219438B0CE47AA9AE780CE4D3D8DFC">New User Orientation: Adobe Social</li> 
      <li id="li_8C65B7E018CE4B1F8843CEE228462AF8">New User Orientation: Publishing</li> 
      <li id="li_D46C5C357C7947CC81A66C64A015935D">New User Orientation: Content Calendar</li> 
      <li id="li_017F79C45B684BE380CE012A3275A0B3">New User Orientation: Moderation</li> 
      <li id="li_4374064DA7554E5599374F8BD892A2D5">New User Orientation: Analytics</li> 
      <li id="li_1559DB52BC6C45E2A96B211A121EB315">New User Orientation: Social Campaigns</li> 
      <li id="li_4131F2AC33AF4633941E71E598B019AB">How to Monitor and Respond to Conversations</li> 
      <li id="li_7E5A3497C05B4F5180C17320850EDD0E">How to Pull and Customize Property and Post Analytics</li> 
      <li id="li_73C3531678AD46BBA0F93C182E8FAF03">How to Troubleshoot a Post that Failed to Post</li> 
      <li id="li_6CBF430B45864F90AAB260E926217AAB">How to Set Up Social Campaigns</li> 
      <li id="li_EB624EEAC87A49C899ABC23A209931D2">How to Pull and Customize Social Campaign Reports</li> 
      <li id="li_15CE21A1ED10443997C3AD4DDDA7BC5E">How to Reauthorize a Social Account</li> 
      <li id="li_6455D8575B0D4254A26AD01CE2FA5C94">How to Create a Listening Rule</li> 
      <li id="li_0355F98B759B495F90F1713BF663648A">How to Create a Moderation Feed</li> 
     </ul> <p>See <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/social/c_training_videos.html" format="https" scope="external"> Social Training Videos </a>. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr valign="top"> 
    <td colname="col1"> Unified Moderation </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p> <b>Tune Sentiment:</b>You can now tune a post's sentiment from a moderation feed. </p> <p> <b>Stream Moderation Feeds:</b>You can now stream a moderation feed to automatically refresh the feed with new content. </p> <p> <b>View Machine Translation:</b>If you create a feed in a language other than the language you are viewing in the <span class="keyword"> Social </span> UI, or if a post in a different language displays in an existing moderation feed, you can click <span class="wintitle"> Show Translation </span> in each post's tile to display a machine-generated translation of that post's text. </p> <p> <b>In-Feed Search:</b>Search each moderation feed by clicking the magnifying glass icon and typing content into the search box. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
  </tbody> 
 </tgroup> 
</table>

**Fixes**

In addition to the new features and enhancements described above, fixes in `keyword  Social` 3.3.3 focus on improved performance, scalability, usability, and reliability. More than 570 back-end fixes and enhancements address these areas. The fixes highlighted below describe resolutions for the more important customer-reported issues.

* Enhanced the `wintitle  Moderation Overview` dashboard's exported file to include the time zone in the `wintitle  Action Time` and `wintitle  Content Time` columns.
* Fixed an issue that prevented YouTube data from displaying in the `wintitle  Properties` and `wintitle  Posts` reports due to disabled account tokens.
* Fixed an issue that caused the `wintitle  Posts` report's exported file to not respect filter settings.
* Fixed an issue that caused an error message to display when exporting the `wintitle  Post Analytics` report, even though the export was successful.
* Fixed an issue that caused the `wintitle  Social Buzz` report's export to fail when requesting a high number of post results.
* Fixed an issue that caused revenue discrepancies between the `wintitle  Social Campaign` and the `wintitle  Campaign Details` reports.
* Fixed an issue that caused discrepancies in the number of mentions across various reports in `wintitle  Social`.
* Fixed an issue that prevented the tracking code for Facebook posts with an associated campaign from being sent to SAINT.
* Fixed an issue that caused internal notes added by customers using the `wintitle  Content Calendar` from saving.
* Fixed an issue that caused filters and tags configured in the `wintitle  Content Calendar` to be reset after a browser refresh.
* Filtering the `wintitle  Content Calendar` now respects the user's time zone.
* Fixed a formatting issue in the UI when targeting LinkedIn posts by geography.
* Fixed an issue in the `wintitle  Publisher` and `wintitle  Content Calendar` that caused unexpected characters to display after inserting a hashtag (#) followed by Japanese, Traditional Chinese, Simplified Chinese, or Korean characters.
* Fixed an issue that caused moderation notification email messages to fail.
* Fixed an issue that caused the `wintitle  Escalation` status to remain as `wintitle  Claimed` even though escalation was marked `wintitle  Resolved`.
* Fixed an issue that prevented an inactive rule from displaying on the `wintitle  Inactive` page ( `wintitle  Settings` &gt; `wintitle  Rules` &gt; `wintitle  Inactive` tab).
* Fixed an issue that caused an email notification to be sent to customers when a draft post was created, even though they had set email notification to `term  minimal`.
* Fixed an issue that sometimes caused a blank page to display after customers clicked the `wintitle  View this Template` link and logged in to `keyword  Social` after receiving an email message stating that a new template is available for publication.
* Fixed an issue that prevented Facebook pages that do not have Facebook admins from displaying on the `wintitle  Facebook Pages` page in `keyword  Social` ( `wintitle  Settings` &gt; `wintitle  Facebook Pages`).
[ Top ](08212014.md#marketingcloud)

## Target
     Standard {#section_BAB30779FC3F4E7C964FEE513377F530}

This release includes the following new features and enhancements:

<table id="table_C21231E2C0EE455FBD8CBB35F5D2589D"> 
 <tgroup cols="2"> 
  <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1" colwidth="*" /> 
  <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2" colwidth="*" /> 
  <thead> 
   <tr> 
    <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Feature/Enhancement </th> 
    <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
   </tr> 
  </thead> 
  <tbody> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> 
     <!--TGT-6023-->Enhanced syncing of HTML offers with <span class="keyword"> Target Classic </span> by increasing the character limit. </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> Raised the character limit of an HTML offer created under <span class="wintitle"> Content </span> to align with the 256 KB limit of HTML offers synced to <span class="keyword"> Target Classic </span>. </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> 
     <!--TGT-5001-->Improved user experience when an error is created in the <span class="wintitle"> Experience Editor </span>. </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> The <span class="wintitle"> Experience Editor </span> displays a message when DOM structure changes on the page breaks the selectors. </td> 
   </tr> 
  </tbody> 
 </tgroup> 
</table>

**Fixes**

* Fixed an issue where the Reporting graph was not generated while navigating between activities.
* Fixed a problem where selected links were not marked as `term  selected` when users clicked `uicontrol  Select Link` on the `wintitle  Goals and Settings` page.
* Fixed an error that prevented a new activity from appearing in the `wintitle  Activity List` after being activated on the `wintitle  Overview` page.
* Fixed a problem that prevented users from selecting a link for click tracking.
* Fixed an issue that caused duplicate offers to appear in an offer-level report.
* Fixed an issue that prevented mbox elements from being inserted.
* Fixed an error that caused link click conversions not to work.
* Fixed a click-track conversion error that negated `codeph  target="_blank" functions.`
* Fixed a problem where click tracking was navigating off the page.
[ Top ](08212014.md#marketingcloud)

## Target
     Classic {#section_7E0366DB78D341D6BECEC74A21F95D5C}

This maintenance release of `keyword  Target Classic` includes significant updates to profile datastore support for third party id, REST API improvements, and customer-reported bug fixes. This release also contains an important improvement to the edge cache consistency, which resolves ongoing issues reported by customers.

**Features and Enhancements**

<table id="table_AC86570A041C4BA897F15D37127A4277"> 
 <tgroup cols="2"> 
  <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1" colwidth="*" /> 
  <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2" colwidth="*" /> 
  <thead> 
   <tr> 
    <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Feature/Enhancement </th> 
    <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
   </tr> 
  </thead> 
  <tbody> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> API authentication </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> Added authentication for the Profile Update, Batch Profile Update and Profile Fetch APIs. </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> Improved display of Lift and Confidence bars. </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> The Lift and the Confidence bars for AOV and RPV only display when there are at least 30 conversions and 30 non-conversions in both the <span class="wintitle"> Testing </span> and <span class="wintitle"> Targeted </span> columns. </td> 
   </tr> 
  </tbody> 
 </tgroup> 
</table>



**Fixes**

This maintenance release includes the following fixes:

* Fixed an issue that resulted in the Target Standard graph not appearing for users who have changed their `term  Default for Reporting` setting.
* Fixed a problem that caused the `filepath  mbox.js` reference to appear outside the `codeph  &lt;Head&gt;` section of the page.
* Fixed an issue that caused *bullseye_api* to appear in the `keyword  Target Classic` history. *bullseye_api* has been changed to *System*.
* Fixed a problem in IE 9 and 11 that caused `keyword  Adobe Analytics` tracking to not work due to `codeph  mbox.js` inclusion.
* Fixed an error where geotargeting with a zip code did not work.
* Fixed a problem in IE where downloading a CSV file for the `wintitle  Success Metric` report did not work.
* Fixed an issue where trailing spaces in targeting options caused data to not appear in reports. Spaces are now trimmed from targeting options.
* Fixed an error that caused the confidence interval appear when mousing over the `wintitle  Sales` column.
* Fixed an issue that prevented the `wintitle  Help` menu from appearing in German-localized browsers.
[ Top ](08212014.md#marketingcloud)

Adobe Media Optimizer accurately predicts the impact of changes to your search, display, and social ads, then helps you manage and automate the campaigns, freeing resources for other high-impact initiatives.

* The Data Integration Library (DIL) has been updated (v4.9) to use the Adobe Marketing Cloud Visitor ID. You must use Visitor Service v1.2.1 or later.
* [ Audience management release notes ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/demdex/c_release_notes.html).
* Advertising management - Help for advertising management is available in the product at  `uicontrol  Help`  &gt; `uicontrol  Help Contents` .
[ Top ](08212014.md#marketingcloud)

`keyword  Adobe Campaign` provides an intuitive, automated way to deliver one-to-one messages across online and offline marketing channels. You can now anticipate what your clients want using experiences determined by their habits and preferences.

For product documentation, see: [ Adobe Campaign Documentation ](https://support.neolane.net/doc/AC6.1/en/home.html).

[ Top ](08212014.md#marketingcloud)

`keyword  Adobe Experience Manager` is an enterprise web content management system that lets you author, manage, develop, and publish your web sites.

For product documentation, see:

* Release notes: [ Adobe Experience Manager 6.0 Release Notes ](http://docs.adobe.com/content/docs/en/aem/6-0/release-notes.html)
* Help home: [ Adobe Experience Manager Help Home ](http://docs.adobe.com)
* Scene7 Publishing System: [ Scene7 Publishing System Release Notes ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/s7/release_notes/index.html)
[ Top ](08212014.md#marketingcloud)

