---
description: Dynamic tag management release, Social 3.0.3 release, new features in audience management and general fixes applied to solutions.
keywords: release notes
seo-description: Dynamic tag management release, Social 3.0.3 release, new features in audience management and general fixes applied to solutions.
seo-title: Release Notes - September 18 2013
solution: Experience Cloud,Release Notes
title: Release Notes - September 18 2013
---

# Release Notes - September 18 2013

Release date: **September 18 2013**[Dynamic tag management](09122013.md#concept_06D44C19A0AC4D5EB7E650C60F5EABB5/section_27C23F162CE7443B9CBDBCE47E3E736F)

Release date: **September 12 2013**



<p class="head"> <b> <span class="keyword">Adobe Analytics</span> </b> </p>


* [Marketing Reports &amp; Analytics](09122013.md#concept_06D44C19A0AC4D5EB7E650C60F5EABB5/section_916927579EEA4F48B7B5760C5261DDFB)
* [SiteCatalyst 14.9](09122013.md#concept_06D44C19A0AC4D5EB7E650C60F5EABB5/section_53B4C9D4A95C4E5BAC0C75BC8415026E)
* [Ad Hoc Analysis](09122013.md#concept_06D44C19A0AC4D5EB7E650C60F5EABB5/section_ACDB08468BAF4491A37FA48FAD2E9BB2)
* [Report Builder](09122013.md#concept_06D44C19A0AC4D5EB7E650C60F5EABB5/section_B14E5BE3BDEA4098AE53B98691A60CEC)
* [Data Warehouse](09122013.md#concept_06D44C19A0AC4D5EB7E650C60F5EABB5/section_224E139548114E82B8ECA15F0C633C69)
* [AppMeasurement &amp; Mobile](09122013.md#concept_06D44C19A0AC4D5EB7E650C60F5EABB5/section_2622886D0314497B989F82D180737692)

<p class="head"> <b> <span class="keyword">Adobe Social</span> </b> </p>

[Adobe Social 3.0.2](09122013.md#concept_06D44C19A0AC4D5EB7E650C60F5EABB5/section_DBF6DAB7D5974F25B7150F80288F80B0)

<p class="head"> <b> <span class="keyword">Adobe Target</span> </b> </p>


* [Adobe Target](09122013.md#concept_06D44C19A0AC4D5EB7E650C60F5EABB5/section_ED62AECE6E85467FB644608203B41BAA)
* [Recommendations](09122013.md#concept_06D44C19A0AC4D5EB7E650C60F5EABB5/section_0773A59A01744E619F78D5F321FB1354)
* [Search&amp;Promote](09122013.md#concept_06D44C19A0AC4D5EB7E650C60F5EABB5/section_3F18C98BF09D4E10AD759C403F543162)

<p class="head"> <b>Adobe <span class="keyword">Media Optimizer</span></b> </p>


* [Audience Management](09122013.md#concept_06D44C19A0AC4D5EB7E650C60F5EABB5/section_A8AF32E4E4F5429EADF25A9C9B431E5A)
* AdLens
  In AdLens, click **Help** &gt; **Help Contents** for the latest information.
  
  

<p class="head"> <b> <span class="keyword">Marketing Cloud</span> Services</b> </p>


* [Data Connectors](09122013.md#concept_06D44C19A0AC4D5EB7E650C60F5EABB5/section_BDBBF8551B5E430DA9F16A371109F8F7)

<p class="head"> <b>Adobe <span class="keyword">Experience Manager</span></b> </p>

* [Adobe Experience Manager](http://dev.day.com/docs/en/cq/current/release_notes/overview.html)
* [Scene7 Publishing System Release Notes](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/s7/release_notes/index.html)
## Dynamic Tag Management {#section_27C23F162CE7443B9CBDBCE47E3E736F}

Adobe now offers dynamic tag management - the market-leading solution that reduces the need for IT resources and allows you to quickly manage tags and distribute data. It's part of Adobe Marketing Cloud, and available to customers at no additional cost.

[More Information](http://www.adobe.com/solutions/digital-marketing/dynamic-tag-management.html)

[Documentation](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/dtm/)

## Marketing Reports & Analytics {#section_916927579EEA4F48B7B5760C5261DDFB}

This marketing reports &amp; analytics maintenance release (09/12/2013) includes the following changes:

**Fixes:**

* Fixed an issue preventing you from adding classifications to List Variables. This issue occurred on the `wintitle Conversion Classifications` page in the `wintitle Report Suite Manager`. (`uicontrol Admin Tools` &gt; `uicontrol Report Suites` &gt; `uicontrol Edit Settings` &gt; `uicontrol Conversion` &gt; `uicontrol Conversion Classification`.)
* Improved the `wintitle Key Metrics Report` so that it detects time-outs and will display an "incomplete data" error in this situation.
* Fixed an issue that was causing the `wintitle Include Current Data` option to disappear from reports. This issue occurred in isolated circumstances after changing the date range.
* Fixed an issue causing the `wintitle Next Site Sections Flow Report` to display an "incomplete data" error in certain circumstances. This issue occurred if 2nd-level branches were set to 8 or higher.
* Fixed an issue in Pathing reports, on the `wintitle Filter Options` page. The `term Does Not Contain` filter was not removing matching line items from the report.
* Fixed an issue causing `wintitle Search Engine` reports to not identify searches that came from the Lycos, So-net, Rakuten, au, OCN, J:COM, JWord, Sleipnir, Lunascape, FMWORLD, My VAIO search engines. These search engines are now identified.
* Fixed an issue preventing the Single Access metric from returning data on the `wintitle Site Sections Report`.
* Fixed a character display issue occurring in non-English languages in the `wintitle Referrer Type` and `wintitle Region/State` reports. This issue prevented reports from displaying data when translated text was added to a data warehouse segment.
[Top](09122013.md#concept_06D44C19A0AC4D5EB7E650C60F5EABB5/ul_EC3073714419410288DFD5CFC1A6BE07)

## SiteCatalyst 14.9 Upgrade Notice {#section_53B4C9D4A95C4E5BAC0C75BC8415026E}

All `keyword SiteCatalyst` 14 report suites will be automatically upgraded to the marketing reports &amp; analytics platform (version 15) on November 1 2013, unless you are scheduled to upgrade sooner. No action is required for you to upgrade on November 1.

See [Upgrading from SiteCatalyst 14](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/sc/user/?f=upgr_home) for information about the features and data processing differences between version 14 and 15.

For more information, contact your Account Manager.

[Top](09122013.md#concept_06D44C19A0AC4D5EB7E650C60F5EABB5/ul_EC3073714419410288DFD5CFC1A6BE07)

## Ad Hoc Analysis {#section_ACDB08468BAF4491A37FA48FAD2E9BB2}

The ad hoc analysis maintenance release (09/12/2013) includes the following changes:

* Ad hoc analysis renewed its Java development certificate in August 2013. This renewal requires you to accept the Java `filepath .jar` file application next time you launch ad hoc analysis, and to click through the security warning.
[Top](09122013.md#concept_06D44C19A0AC4D5EB7E650C60F5EABB5/ul_EC3073714419410288DFD5CFC1A6BE07)

## Report Builder 4.6 {#section_B14E5BE3BDEA4098AE53B98691A60CEC}

This report builder 4.6 maintenance release (09/12/2013) includes the following changes:

* Fixed an issue preventing calculated metrics created in the marketing reports and analytics UI from displaying in report builder.
* Fixed a rare problem causing no data to return when refreshing a request containing the Page dimension.
[Top](09122013.md#concept_06D44C19A0AC4D5EB7E650C60F5EABB5)

## Data Warehouse {#section_224E139548114E82B8ECA15F0C633C69}

This data warehouse maintenance release (09/12/2013) includes the following changes:

<table id="table_FF2B34800F4541D0911A60EE6B3A8936"> 
 <tgroup cols="2"> 
  <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1" colwidth="1.00*" /> 
  <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2" colwidth="2.80*" /> 
  <thead> 
   <tr valign="top"> 
    <th colname="col1" class="entry">Feature</th> 
    <th colname="col2" class="entry">Description</th> 
   </tr> 
  </thead> 
  <tbody> 
   <tr valign="top"> 
    <td colname="col1"> <p>Segment name displays under the Request Description</p> </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> 
     <!--AN-70958-->On the <span class="wintitle">View Data Warehouse Request</span> page, the <span class="wintitle">Request Description</span> area now displays the name of the segment that was applied to the request start date. </td> 
   </tr> 
  </tbody> 
 </tgroup> 
</table>

**Fixes**

* Fixed an issue that prevented page names from displaying on the `wintitle Choose Page Name` form when defining a segment in the `wintitle Segment Builder`.
* Fixed an issue that prevented the Date Complete from displaying in the same time zone as the Date Scheduled.
[Top](09122013.md#concept_06D44C19A0AC4D5EB7E650C60F5EABB5/ul_EC3073714419410288DFD5CFC1A6BE07)

## AppMeasurement & Mobile {#section_2622886D0314497B989F82D180737692}

**iOS and Android Version 4 SDKs for Marketing Cloud Solutions**

New versions of the iOS and Android Mobile SDKs will soon be available on [Developer Connection](https://developer.omniture.com). New features include:

* Significant performance improvements
* Point-of-Interest and Geo-location
* Lifetime Value
* Timed Events
* Opt-in and Opt-out Management
* Visitor ID now populates s_vi
* Implementation standardized on context data and processing rules
**AppMeasurement for JavaScript**

**1.1**

* Fixed support for placing the library and page code in the `codeph head` tag.
* Added missing module `codeph onLoad` support.
** `keyword AppMeasurement` for Other Platforms**

See [AppMeasurement Release History](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/sc/appmeasurement/release/index.html) the following for a release history of `keyword AppMeasurement` on the following platforms:

* JavaScript
* iOS
* Android
* Flash-Flex
* OSX
* Windows Phone, XBOX, Silverlight, and .NET
* BlackBerry
* Java
* PHP
* Symbian
[Top](09122013.md#concept_06D44C19A0AC4D5EB7E650C60F5EABB5/ul_EC3073714419410288DFD5CFC1A6BE07)

[Analytics Help &amp; Reference Home](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/reference/home.html)

## Adobe Social 3.0.2 {#section_DBF6DAB7D5974F25B7150F80288F80B0}

The Adobe Social 3.0.2 release (9/12/2013) includes the following changes:

<table id="table_4AFE196494A6408790ACDBB2D0F3FE5E"> 
 <tgroup cols="2"> 
  <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1" colwidth="1.00*" /> 
  <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2" colwidth="2.79*" /> 
  <thead> 
   <tr> 
    <th colname="col1" class="entry">Feature</th> 
    <th colname="col2" class="entry">Description</th> 
   </tr> 
  </thead> 
  <tbody> 
   <tr valign="top"> 
    <td colname="col1"> <p> <span class="wintitle">Social Buzz</span> report </p> </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>Added the following functionality to the <span class="wintitle">Social Buzz</span> report: </p> 
     <ul id="ul_B29E9B0B327A41A6B011A80A5BE2FE04"> 
      <li id="li_336C8A1BC0184B8F93E5666C97AB98D0">Enhanced the real-time <span class="wintitle">Social Buzz</span> report to let users specify the time range for the report's display (Last 30 Minutes, Last 1 Hour, Last 2 Hours, and so forth). </li> 
      <li id="li_021DF2EE234B4B909B40B5B8E31E0A9D">Improved the user interface when downloading posts to a Microsoft Excel file.</li> 
     </ul> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr valign="top"> 
    <td colname="col1"> <p>Publishing: Suspend Posts</p> </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>Added the ability for Administrative users to temporarily suspend posts scheduled to be posted to a set of social properties for a specified time range. Also added the ability to unsuspend an individual post or all currently suspended posts using bulk actions.</p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr valign="top"> 
    <td colname="col1"> <p>Publishing: Content Calendar</p> </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>Added the following functionality to the <span class="wintitle">Content Calendar</span>: </p> 
     <ul id="ul_A190B512CC32463191ED06F5C8558FB6"> 
      <li id="li_FFFB7F238C3B4D108ED6C03D609A4FBC"> <b>Bulk Move Posts to Draft:</b>Added the ability to move multiple posts to draft form using bulk actions. </li> 
      <li id="li_68AD3FEB25604405A64C15F98C88D260"> <b>View Draft Posts:</b>Added the ability to view draft posts in the <span class="wintitle">Content Calendar</span> from the <span class="wintitle">Week View</span>. </li> 
      <li id="li_00CB948316894B658E36EA45B6E77B90"> <b>Content Calendar Display:</b> Added a <span class="wintitle">Last Week Onwards</span> time period to the <span class="wintitle">Content Calendar</span><span class="wintitle">List View</span> to display posts starting from the previous week and include all posts scheduled for the future. </li> 
     </ul> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr valign="top"> 
    <td colname="col1"> <p>Applications: Templates</p> </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>Improved the look and feel of the gallery in the <span class="wintitle">Contest</span> template. You can add an element to a contest application that displays a scrollable feed of user-uploaded images where other users can vote on, like, and share individual entries. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr valign="top"> 
    <td colname="col1"> <p>Rules (Beta)</p> </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p> <b>Beta Feature:</b>Added the ability to create complex rules using filter types (such as author, venue, word proximity, and geo information) to track activities on the social web. You can use the new Rules Builder or you can continue to use the legacy Terms Builder. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
  </tbody> 
 </tgroup> 
</table>

For more information, see the[Social Release Notes](https://microsite.omniture.com/t2/help/en_US/social/index.html?f=c_rel_notes).

**Fixes**

* Fixed an issue that prevented users from deleting pages that are included in audience or page groups. A message now displays informing users to first remove the pages from the groups, and then delete the pages.
* Fixed an issue that prevented posts from loading in the `wintitle Campaign Timeline` section of the `wintitle Campaign Details` report.
* Fixed an issue in the export file of the `wintitle Post Analytics` report that caused metric totals for "Following" to display in the "Followers" column.
* Fixed an issue that caused pagination problems on the `wintitle Add Facebook Pages` page. This issue prevented users from seeing all owned pages that the user has access to.
* Fixed an issue that caused the download feature on the `wintitle Post Analytics` page to not respect the currently specified filters.
* Fixed an issue that prevented some users from being able to retweet from Twitter Moderation.
* Fixed an issue that prevented users from enabling Twitter Moderation for additional report suites.
* Fixed an issue that caused applications to appear differently in the `wintitle Application Builder` and at runtime on Facebook pages.
[Top](09122013.md#concept_06D44C19A0AC4D5EB7E650C60F5EABB5/ul_EC3073714419410288DFD5CFC1A6BE07)

## Adobe Target {#section_ED62AECE6E85467FB644608203B41BAA}

Not updated in this release.

See [A/B and Multivariate Testing](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/tnt/help/tnt_home.html) for product help.

[Top](09122013.md#concept_06D44C19A0AC4D5EB7E650C60F5EABB5/ul_EC3073714419410288DFD5CFC1A6BE07)

## Recommendations and Cross-Selling {#section_0773A59A01744E619F78D5F321FB1354}

Not updated in this release.

See [Adobe Recommendations and Cross-Selling](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/rec/recs_home.html) for product help.

[Top](09122013.md#concept_06D44C19A0AC4D5EB7E650C60F5EABB5/ul_EC3073714419410288DFD5CFC1A6BE07)

## Search&Promote {#section_3F18C98BF09D4E10AD759C403F543162}

Not updated in this release.

See [Adobe Search&amp;Promote Help Home](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/snp/) for product help.

[Top](09122013.md#concept_06D44C19A0AC4D5EB7E650C60F5EABB5/ul_EC3073714419410288DFD5CFC1A6BE07)

## Audience Management {#section_A8AF32E4E4F5429EADF25A9C9B431E5A}

The Audience Management release (09/12/2013) includes the following changes:

<table id="table_24538B42793844CBA90F3669D26B3B8A"> 
 <tgroup cols="2"> 
  <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1" colwidth="1.00*" /> 
  <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2" colwidth="2.80*" /> 
  <thead> 
   <tr valign="top"> 
    <th colname="col1" class="entry">Feature</th> 
    <th colname="col2" class="entry">Description</th> 
   </tr> 
  </thead> 
  <tbody> 
   <tr valign="top"> 
    <td colname="col1"> <p>Inbound Data Transfers</p> </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>Started accepting a new file type (<span class="filepath">.overwrite</span>) that allows data providers to send a list of traits and overwrite the existing traits of a user for the targeted data provider. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr valign="top"> 
    <td colname="col1"> <p>Trait Builder Geo-Targeting</p> </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>You can now target users by ISP/Organization using the <span class="wintitle">Trait Builder</span>. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr valign="top"> 
    <td colname="col1"> <p>Data Sources</p> </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>Added a new option in the left navigation menu to let you work with data sources from the audience management user interface.</p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr valign="top"> 
    <td colname="col1"> <p>Data Source API Methods</p> </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>Updated the existing API methods that let you create new data sources and return the properties of one or more data sources. Added new methods that let you update an existing data source and delete one or more data sources (individually or in bulk).</p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr valign="top"> 
    <td colname="col1"> <p>Integration Codes</p> </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>You can use <span class="term">Segment</span> and <span class="term">Trait</span> API methods using an integration code (<span class="codeph">id</span>). </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
  </tbody> 
 </tgroup> 
</table>

See the [Audience Management Release Notes](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/demdex/index.html?f=c_release_notes) for more information.

[Media Optimizer Help](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mo/home.html)

[Top](09122013.md#concept_06D44C19A0AC4D5EB7E650C60F5EABB5/ul_EC3073714419410288DFD5CFC1A6BE07)

## Data Connectors {#section_BDBBF8551B5E430DA9F16A371109F8F7}

The data connectors release (09/12/2013) includes the following changes:

<table id="table_33B3F78DFD2A444BB0E83576F8556A1C"> 
 <tgroup cols="2"> 
  <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1" colwidth="1.00*" /> 
  <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2" colwidth="2.80*" /> 
  <thead> 
   <tr valign="top"> 
    <th colname="col1" class="entry">Feature</th> 
    <th colname="col2" class="entry">Description</th> 
   </tr> 
  </thead> 
  <tbody> 
   <tr valign="top"> 
    <td colname="col1"> <p>Activity Log Updates</p> </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p> 
      <!--MAC-14758-->The <span class="wintitle">Activity Log</span> now displays updates made to custom values, eVars, event mappings, renamed classifications, and renamed calculated metrics. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
  </tbody> 
 </tgroup> 
</table>

**Fixes**

* Fixed an issue preventing you from changing integration settings when opening a second integration in a new browser tab.
* On the `wintitle Review Summary` step in the wizard, we fixed an issue preventing the list variable from displaying.
* Improved the `wintitle Next Steps` pop-up that displays after the `wintitle Site Setup and Activation (Step 5)` in the activation wizard. These instructions display only for integrations requiring further configuration assistance by Adobe.
* Fixed an issue that prevented processing rules created in an integration from displaying in the Analytics `wintitle Admin Tools`.
* Dev Center: Fixed a saving problem for the `wintitle Integration Instructions After Wizard` field on the `wintitle Information` tab.
* Dev Center: Fixed an issue preventing changes to classification information occurring when editing a product.
* Dev Center: Fixed an issue that preventing the `wintitle Add` button from displaying when editing an existing product.
[Data Connectors Help](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/genesis/home.html)

[Top](09122013.md#concept_06D44C19A0AC4D5EB7E650C60F5EABB5/ul_EC3073714419410288DFD5CFC1A6BE07)

