---
description: Learn about the latest release and maintenance release (MR) information in the Digital Marketing Suite.
seo-description: Learn about the latest release and maintenance release (MR) information in the Digital Marketing Suite.
seo-title: Release Notes - January 19 2012
solution: Release Notes,Marketing Cloud,Analytics,Social,Target,Media Optimizer
title: Release Notes - January 19 2012
topic: Release notes
---

# Release Notes - January 19 2012

**January 19 2012**

* [ SocialAnalytics 1.2 Maintenance Release ](c_01192012.md#concept_C46F6E45530843558F2BB7CAA8FA91BB/section_FF74FDE969A5405C8FFEAB76C58EA04E)
* [ SiteCatalyst 15.2 Maintenance Release ](c_01192012.md#concept_C46F6E45530843558F2BB7CAA8FA91BB/section_C45162EC60514AD29978F4AF351ED24F)
* [ SiteCatalyst 14.9 Maintenance Release ](c_01192012.md#concept_C46F6E45530843558F2BB7CAA8FA91BB/section_C643A8E69C104F519CA4286AD5BA1A5A)
* [ AppMeasurement ](c_01192012.md#concept_C46F6E45530843558F2BB7CAA8FA91BB/section_340186EFB8B64490AC377BA85D64BE57)
* [ DataWarehouse ](c_01192012.md#concept_C46F6E45530843558F2BB7CAA8FA91BB/section_0E401DFBB573459BAF33CD17C762B888)
* [ ReportBuilder 4.2.8 Maintenance Release ](c_01192012.md#concept_C46F6E45530843558F2BB7CAA8FA91BB/section_1CD5CAE8CF1E4CB5A8922D6030D2B9C6)
* [ AudienceResearch 1.1 ](c_01192012.md#concept_C46F6E45530843558F2BB7CAA8FA91BB/section_E3A4337CFE18468FA64DF3ECE5F17D95)
* [ AudienceManager 3.1 Maintenance Release ](c_01192012.md#concept_C46F6E45530843558F2BB7CAA8FA91BB/section_2E903EECB74F4171B2FF2976180AA31A)
* [ SearchCenter 4.2 ](c_01192012.md#concept_C46F6E45530843558F2BB7CAA8FA91BB/section_65EED8B4240440D08300737C0D500780)
* [ Discover 2.9.6 Maintenance Release ](c_01192012.md#concept_C46F6E45530843558F2BB7CAA8FA91BB/section_B9344E2C51D341308C9ACB0A6119C24F)
* [ Test&amp;Target 2.10 ](c_01192012.md#concept_C46F6E45530843558F2BB7CAA8FA91BB/section_1BD2DB464B9D4755A6AFCA0A49391DB4)
* [ Genesis 3 Maintenance Release ](c_01192012.md#concept_C46F6E45530843558F2BB7CAA8FA91BB/section_F4E43DF6EAF34EE09413D31C4A9CDEE4)
* [ Insight 5.4 ](c_01192012.md#concept_C46F6E45530843558F2BB7CAA8FA91BB/section_EA1EE008E74C4C9E90D53EB3EF7C579E)
* [ Search&amp;Promote 8.7 ](c_01192012.md#concept_C46F6E45530843558F2BB7CAA8FA91BB/section_3826893C14C7450CAC8857E2EAFEF08C)
* [ Survey 3.2 ](c_01192012.md#concept_C46F6E45530843558F2BB7CAA8FA91BB/section_5044EA0565C64FF09A1C7CF2EF733598)
* [ Recommendations 2.10 ](c_01192012.md#concept_C46F6E45530843558F2BB7CAA8FA91BB/section_76ECD21D7D7B4A979619FCB401E05BEC)
* [ Scene7 ](c_01192012.md#concept_C46F6E45530843558F2BB7CAA8FA91BB/section_C27164D152AC4D17A2EF7F430D218788)
* [ Publish ](c_01192012.md#concept_C46F6E45530843558F2BB7CAA8FA91BB/section_68C8EF340DD0402A928E7576ED58336E)
## SocialAnalytics
     1.2 Maintenance Release {#section_FF74FDE969A5405C8FFEAB76C58EA04E}

The `keyword  SocialAnalytics` Maintenance Release (01/19/12) includes the following enhancements and fixes:

* Added the ability to monitor specified Facebook pages regardless of whether the pages contain terms specified to be tracked.
* Fixed an issue that prevented negative sentiment from being collected and assessed properly from Facebook.
* Added labels on the `wintitle  Social Networks` page indicating that `keyword  SocialAnalytics` can track only English content on the Blog, DailyMotion, and Metacafe networks. Non-English content cannot be tracked by `keyword  SocialAnalytics` on these networks.
* Fixed an issue that caused the `wintitle  Real-time Twitter Data Preview` to not react appropriately to the `term  Not` operator.
* Fixed an issue that caused an "unterminated string constant" error to be displayed when defining calculated metrics.
* Fixed an issue that sometimes prevented `keyword  SocialAnalytics` from retrieving reportlets.
* Fixed various localization issues that affected non-English versions of `keyword  SocialAnalytics`, including:
    * Fixed an issue that caused the various buttons or drop-down lists to not function properly or to be not displayed correctly.
    * Fixed an issue that caused English messages or text strings to display in various places in non-English versions of `keyword  SocialAnalytics`. These messages and text strings should now display in the appropriate languages.
    * Fixed an issue that caused various messages and strings to be improperly formatted or not be localized.
    * Fixed an issue that prevented an error message from being displayed in the Japanese version of `keyword  SocialAnalytics` when adding a term that has already been added.
  
For the latest SocialAnalytics information, see the [ SocialAnalytics User Guide ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/sa/index.html#Release%20Notes).

## SiteCatalyst 15.2 Maintenance Release {#section_C45162EC60514AD29978F4AF351ED24F}

The `keyword  SiteCatalyst` 15.2 maintenance release (01/19/12) includes the following fixes:

  *
  Fixed an issue that prevented scheduled reports that are based on reportlets that contain a fallout funnel from displaying correctly on emails.
  
  
* Fixed an issue that prevented `keyword  Discover` segments from working correctly in `keyword  ReportBuilder` and ExcelClient.
* Fixed an issue that caused some dashboards to load slowly for companies that have a large number of report suites.
* Fixed an issue that caused some calculated metrics that contain Visits or Visitors from being displayed in the drop down on the `wintitle  Pages Report`.
* Fixed an issue that caused global calculated metrics that include the Unique Visitor metric from displaying in the metrics drop down.
* Fixed an issue that caused PDF downloads fail for `wintitle  Site Sections Depth Report`.
* Fixed an issue that caused the maximum rows setting to not apply when generating a PDF report from a dashboard.
* Fixed an issue that prevented the "Require user to change password on next login" option from working correctly.
* Fixed an issue in `wintitle  ReportBuilder` that caused a data discrepancy when a granularity is selected.
* Updated the SAINT log to show the default variable name in parenthesis in the log file.
* Fixed an issue that caused some alerts to trigger before the data is ready to calculate.
* Fixed an issue that caused the `keyword  Data Extracts` header to always display "No Segment" even if a segment was applied.
* Fixed an issue that prevented changing date ranges to `term  Rolling from Fixed` on dashboards, reports, or publishing widgets.
* Fixed an issue that cause the Video Details section on the Video Dashboard to show an "Unable to retrieve reportlet" error.
* Fixed an issue that caused duplicate values of "none" to appear in the metrics selector on some reports.
* Fixed an issue that prevented Excel reports from being downloaded due to an error resizing the logo provided for co-branding.
* Fixed an issue that caused reportlets to not load in some circumstances and display an "Unable to retrieve reportlet" error.
* Fixed an issue that caused some reportlets to display duplicate data for trended reports.
* Fixed an issue that prevented deleting segments in `keyword  DataWarehouse`.
* Fixed an issue that caused some legacy dashboard reports to be sent using email when FTP was selected.
* Fixed an issue that prevented the Last Touch Channel Detail metric from being displayed in the import file dialog for SAINT.
## SiteCatalyst 14.9 Maintenance Release {#section_C643A8E69C104F519CA4286AD5BA1A5A}

The `keyword  SiteCatalyst` 14.9 maintenance release (01/19/12) includes the following fixes:

* Fixed an issue where orders added to merchandising eVars were not being de-duplicated properly. The calculation now matches `keyword  SiteCatalyst` 15.
* Fixed an issue that prevented some `wintitle  SearchCenter` reports from being sent via email.
* Fixed an issue that caused some calculated metrics that contain Visits or Visitors from being displayed in the drop down on the `wintitle  Pages Report`.
* Fixed an issue that prevented email delivery of some `wintitle  ReportBuilder` and `wintitle  ExcelClient` reports from being generated from large publishing lists.
* Fixed an issue that caused some legacy dashboard reports to be sent using email when FTP was selected.
* Updated the `keyword  SAINT` log to show the default variable name in parenthesis in the log file.
* Fixed the `wintitle  Quarterly Unique Customers Report` to display the correct data.
* Fixed an issue that prevented participation metrics from displaying on the `wintitle  Keyword Paid Report`.
* Fixed an issue using report suites names that contain multi-byte characters in `keyword  SiteCatalyst` `keyword  Visualize`. The latest version is available in the iTunes App Store.
## AppMeasurement {#section_340186EFB8B64490AC377BA85D64BE57}

**JavaScript H.24.2**

* Updated video tracking with a new method to track complete video views. See [ Measuring Video in SiteCatalyst ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/sc/appmeasurement/video/index.html).
* Fixed an issue that caused an "Attribute only valid on v:image" JavaScript error for `varname  Onclick` events on VML elements in IE.
* Fixed a bug where context data variables were not included in link server calls, despite being referenced in `varname  linkTrackVars`. Context data variables are used with Processing Rules.
**Flash-Flex 3.4.6**

* Updated video tracking with a new method to track complete video views. See [ Measuring Video in SiteCatalyst ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/sc/appmeasurement/video/index.html).
**.NET 1.3.3**

* Updated video tracking with a new method to track complete video views. See [ Measuring Video in SiteCatalyst ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/sc/appmeasurement/video/index.html).
** iOS 2.1.8**

* Significantly increased performance of tracking thread.
* Moved offline hit storage to a location that is not synchronized to iCloud to conform to iCloud best practices.
* Updated the library to the Apple fat binary format so you no longer need to include the specific library for your build architecture.
**Android 1.1.6**

* Added Android 3.x and 4.x compatibility.
* Implemented a UUID for visitor ID on Android devices that do not have SIM cards (For example, Kindle Fire).
## DataWarehouse {#section_0E401DFBB573459BAF33CD17C762B888}

The following `keyword  DataWarehouse` fixes are included in this release:

* Resolved an issue where orders added to a merchandising eVar were not being de-duplicated properly.
* Resolved an issue where linefeed characters were sometimes improperly inserted in the middle of rows.
* Resolved an issue with ASI processing, where historical data loads were sometimes omitting part of the data (manifested most frequently when the historical data has few rows.)
## ReportBuilder
     4.2.8 Maintenance Release {#section_1CD5CAE8CF1E4CB5A8922D6030D2B9C6}

The following `keyword  ReportBuilder` fixes are included in this release:

* Added Instances as a metric for custom traffic reports.
* Resolved an issue preventing `keyword  Discover` segments from becoming available in `keyword  ReportBuilder.`
* Resolved an issue preventing the `wintitle  Device Type Report` from displaying in `keyword  ReportBuilder`.
For more information, see the [ ReportBuilder Help System ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/arb/index.html).

## AudienceResearch 1.1 {#section_E3A4337CFE18468FA64DF3ECE5F17D95}

This `keyword  AudienceResearch` release provides the following new features and enhancements:

* **Export**: Export detailed data for your own properties.
* **Enhanced Data**: Total Time Spent is now available for all property types. Issue and Ad Impression data for Digital Publications has been added. Mobile Device data is now available for Sites. This feature was previously available for Apps and Publications only.
* **Enhanced Reporting**: Trended reports are now available on all dimensions.
* **Property Manager**: The `wintitle  Digital Property Manager` now provides filtration and search capability, improved image handling on Property Profiles, links to SiteCatalyst, and Company Profile information.
Certification is available for sites, mobile applications, and digital publications built with Adobe's Digital Publishing Suite. For more information, contact your Account Support Manager.

For more information, see [ AudienceResearch ](http://audience.omniture.com/).

## AudienceManager 3.1 Maintenance Release {#section_2E903EECB74F4171B2FF2976180AA31A}

The following `keyword  AudienceManager` features and fixes are included in this release:


* Added `keyword  Auditude` to the ad server destinations list.
* Added support for negative numbers when creating expressions in `wintitle  TraitBuilder`.
* Added functionality to sort the trait list overview according to `uicontrol  Type` and `uicontrol  Data Source` columns.
* Added functionality to preserve list views and data filter selections for the length of an active session. Page states reset to default after log out.
* Updated and revised the `keyword  AudienceManager` [ policy page ](http://www.omniture.com/en/privacy/audience-manager).
* Fixed an issue where data did not update after changing the report date range.
* Fixed an issue with some customer data that was not migrated to `keyword  TraitBuilder` from the old, pixel-based system.
* Removed functionality that pops reports into separate windows.

## SearchCenter
     4.2 {#section_65EED8B4240440D08300737C0D500780}

The `keyword  SearchCenter` Maintenance Release (01/19/12) includes the following new features and enhancements:


* Enhanced the email notification message that is sent when a bid-rule action is performed to include more detailed information about each keyword, including the ad group and campaign to which it belongs.
* Added the ability to specify multiple email addresses, separated by commas ( , ) or semicolons ( ; ), so that multiple people can be notified when a bid-rule action is performed.
* SearchCenter now supports Yahoo Japan.
* `keyword  SearchCenter` now reclassifies historical data when campaign or account names are changed.
* Added the Singapore Dollar as a supported currency for Microsoft Bing and MSN.

This release of `keyword  SearchCenter` includes the following general fixes:


* Fixed an issue that caused reports to not load properly in Microsoft Internet Explorer 7.
* Fixed an issue that caused the `wintitle  Breakdown` button to not function properly after logging in to `keyword  SiteCatalyst` 15 and then switching to `keyword  SearchCenter`.
* Fixed an issue the caused the `wintitle  Cost` column for keywords to not sort property after clicking the column header.
* Fixed an issue that sometimes prevented users from creating or importing campaigns (the spinning green circle persisted).
* Fixed an issue that caused filtering within ad reports to not function correctly.
* Fixed an issue that caused custom-group data to be labeled as "none."
* Fixed an issue that caused the `wintitle  Advanced Filter` feature to sometimes return incorrect results.
* Fixed an issue that caused ad groups to sometimes display many more keywords that the groups actually contain.
* Fixed an issue that caused data in the `wintitle  Ad Hierarchy` report to display different results than that in a filtered ad-level report.
* Fixed an issue that prevented users from editing CPCs at the ad-group level.
* Fixed an issue that prevented the `wintitle  Search` filter from returning keywords that include a plus symbol ( + ).

This release of `keyword  SearchCenter` includes the following localization-specific fixes:


* Fixed an issue that caused log detail to not display for bid-rule results when using the Japanese version of `keyword  SearchCenter`.
* Fixed an issue that caused the `wintitle  Management` page to not display any content when using the Japanese version of `keyword  SearchCenter`.
* Fixed an issue that caused the metric selector to display the wrong metric names when using the Japanese version of `keyword  SearchCenter`.
* Fixed an issue that caused `wintitle  Organic` metrics to not display properly when using the French version of `keyword  SearchCenter`.

This release of `keyword  SearchCenter` includes the following account-specific fixes:

**Facebook:**


* Fixed an issue that caused pre-click data in `keyword  SearchCenter` to not match pre-click data from the Facebook engine.

**Google:**


* Fixed an issue that caused pre-click data in `keyword  SearchCenter` to not match pre-click data from the Google engine.
* Fixed an issue that sometimes caused `wintitle  Sitelinks` added in `keyword  SearchCenter` to not push to Google.

**Microsoft Bing**


* Fixed an issue that prevented pre-click data from displaying for newly created ad groups due to tracking-code-classification delays.
* Fixed an issue that sometimes caused Bing bulk imports to not process correctly, resulting in the import remaining in "validating" status for a lengthy amount of time and then returning an error.

For more information, see the [ SearchCenter User Guide ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/scm/index.html).

## Discover
     2.9.6 Maintenance Release {#section_B9344E2C51D341308C9ACB0A6119C24F}

The following `keyword  Discover` fixes are included in this release:

* We updated the code signing certificate. This certificate update will require users to accept the certificate at login.
* Fixed an issue in ranked reports that caused the same set of items to display when clicking `uicontrol  Prev` or `uicontrol  Next` page in the table.
* Fixed an issue preventing login for certain clients.
* Fixed an issue causing line items to display as `term  unknown` in the `uicontrol  Site Content` &gt; `uicontrol  Pages` report.
* Fixed a date range issue occurring when selecting `uicontrol  Last Quarter`. The fix ensures that the end date is the last day of quarter.
## Test&Target
     2.10 {#section_1BD2DB464B9D4755A6AFCA0A49391DB4}

The following `keyword  Test&amp;Target` fixes are included in this release:

* Fixed an issue causing an error to display when deleting an offer from a 1:1 campaign, even if you did not remove the offer from the modeling group.
* Fixed an issue occurring when you looked at a 1:1 content report from a previous period, and an mbox/offer combo had since been deleted, the row in the report for that data would say "removed offer." This message displayed even though the offer was not removed for that time period.
For more information, see [ What's New in `keyword  Test&amp;Target` ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/tnt/help/index.html#Release%20Notes).

## Genesis
     3 Maintenance Release {#section_F4E43DF6EAF34EE09413D31C4A9CDEE4}

The following `keyword  Genesis` fixes are included in this release:

* Fixed a date range issue in bookmarks.
* Fixed a display issue occurring with localized characters.
* Fixed the Validate Information button in the French UI.
* Improved email notifications for the `keyword  Genesis` import programs.
* Improved UI rendering at lower resolutions.
* Added an alert message after clicking `uicontrol  Next` in the wizard, when required fields were not completed.
* Fixed a partner integration issue in localized UI, which occurs when sorting integrations by name.
* Fixed a dashboard display issue occurring in a dashboard Print Preview.
* Fixed the text in the Privacy Notice error message.
* Enabled non-admin users to view the Showcase.
* Improved pagination in the activity logs.
For more information, see the [ Genesis User Guide ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/genesis/oms_genesis.pdf).

## Insight
     5.4 {#section_EA1EE008E74C4C9E90D53EB3EF7C579E}

For the latest `keyword  Insight` documentation, see [ Insight Product Documentation ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/insight/insight_release_notes.pdf?cb=540).

## Search&Promote
     8.7 {#section_3826893C14C7450CAC8857E2EAFEF08C}

The following `keyword  Search&amp;Promote` features are included in this release:

* Access `keyword  Scene7` assets from within `keyword  Search&amp;Promote`.
* Configure `keyword  Scene7` banner parameters from within `keyword  Search&amp;Promote`.
* Apply `keyword  Scene7` banners to business rules.
Fixes:

* Boosted the `term  Did You Mean` response time.
* Corrected miscalculated `keyword  SiteCatalyst` metrics values.
* Improved the search time performance; optimized the evaluation of query cleaning, pre-search, and post-search rules.
* Fixed the obsolete urlblocker service bogging down the URL entry point validation.
* Fixed an issue occurring where the JSON parser fails to parse result with malformed UTF-8 characters.
* Fixed the facet undo path that was broken for multi-select facets with a $ symbol.
For the latest `keyword  Search&amp;Promote` documentation, see [ Search&amp;Promote Documentation Home ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/snp/index.html).

## Survey 3.2 {#section_5044EA0565C64FF09A1C7CF2EF733598}

The `keyword  Survey` Maintenance Release (01/19/12) includes the following fixes:


* Fixed an issue that prevented the survey header from displaying when using the `wintitle  Preview` feature.
* Fixed an issue that caused radio buttons to scroll improperly when viewing surveys in Microsoft Internet Explorer 7 and 8.
* Fixed an issue that caused check boxes to scroll improperly when viewing surveys in Internet Explorer 7.
* Fixed an issue that caused radio buttons to not align properly with the option text when viewing surveys in Internet Explorer 6 and 7.
* Fixed an issue that caused text input boxes to not display properly when viewing surveys on BlackBerry devices.

For more information, see the [ Survey User Guide ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/survey/index.html?f=c_Release_Notes).

## Recommendations
     2.10 {#section_76ECD21D7D7B4A979619FCB401E05BEC}

The following `keyword  Recommendations` features and fixes are included in this release:

For the latest Recommendations documentation, see [ What's New in `keyword  Recommendations` ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/rec/#Release Notes).

## Scene7 {#section_C27164D152AC4D17A2EF7F430D218788}

For the latest `keyword  Scene7` release information, [ Scene7 Publishing System Release Notes ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/s7/release_notes/index.html).

## Publish {#section_68C8EF340DD0402A928E7576ED58336E}

For the latest `keyword  Publish` release information, see the [ Publish Release Notes ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/publish/publish_whatsnew.pdf).

