---
description: Learn about the latest release and maintenance release information in the Marketing Cloud™.
keywords: release notes
seo-description: Learn about the latest release and maintenance release information in the Marketing Cloud™.
seo-title: Release Notes - February 21 2013
solution: Experience Cloud,Release Notes
title: Release Notes - February 21 2013
---

# Release Notes - February 21 2013

Last update: **February 28 2013 **

Maintenance release date: **February 21 2013**

* [ SiteCatalyst 15.4 Maintenance Release (Content Updated 2/25) ](c_02212013.md#concept_96DA3B5CAB0140089D3AEDA83BE64518/section_9ECDB2610DE842D98715C6377D4C0E1B)
* [ SiteCatalyst 14.9 Maintenance Release ](c_02212013.md#concept_96DA3B5CAB0140089D3AEDA83BE64518/section_B5AE9C1611044607B47A2E21EF91D748)
* [ Social 2.3 ](c_02212013.md#concept_96DA3B5CAB0140089D3AEDA83BE64518/section_72010B71DA7A4E0396E1132911B86D66)
* [ Discover 3.1 Maintenance Release ](c_02212013.md#concept_96DA3B5CAB0140089D3AEDA83BE64518/section_29BC0429B18C4E138E79076495596DBE)
* [ ReportBuilder 4.3 ](c_02212013.md#concept_96DA3B5CAB0140089D3AEDA83BE64518/section_F093F31BEE194850B7F4B36337820DE4)
* [ ClickMap Maintenance Release ](c_02212013.md#concept_96DA3B5CAB0140089D3AEDA83BE64518/section_27E61386E8034844A8388B90348CFD56)
* [ Clickstream Data Feeds ](c_02212013.md#concept_96DA3B5CAB0140089D3AEDA83BE64518/datafeeds)
* [ Web Services API ](c_02212013.md#concept_96DA3B5CAB0140089D3AEDA83BE64518/webservices)
* [ AppMeasurement &amp; Mobile ](c_02212013.md#concept_96DA3B5CAB0140089D3AEDA83BE64518/section_D0633D8F6F214940BE3287B305BD760A)
* [ DataWarehouse ](c_02212013.md#concept_96DA3B5CAB0140089D3AEDA83BE64518/section_09D1BB1EF523488EB53E5520C4E7AADD)
* [ AudienceManager ](c_02212013.md#concept_96DA3B5CAB0140089D3AEDA83BE64518/section_A6E9813BB39E492EA830247B46F5BE97)
* [ Test&amp;Target 3.3 ](c_02212013.md#concept_96DA3B5CAB0140089D3AEDA83BE64518/section_556F8547F7C2449387B2AFA9BED9CA1A)
* [ Search&amp;Promote 8.9.5 ](c_02212013.md#concept_96DA3B5CAB0140089D3AEDA83BE64518/section_708A2B94F3DC4850A1BAEB907200007F)
* [Survey 3.4](c_02212013.md#concept_96DA3B5CAB0140089D3AEDA83BE64518/section_D9FBF5BEAA0A4003B612A5FFCEF3916E)
* [SearchCenter 4.4](c_02212013.md#concept_96DA3B5CAB0140089D3AEDA83BE64518/section_F6CB3C66B8AD4A62831693BC7B80DB24)
* [ Genesis 3 ](c_02212013.md#concept_96DA3B5CAB0140089D3AEDA83BE64518/section_6E8EE327E50C4F33BB640B72B3ECB51E)
* [ Insight 5.5 ](c_02212013.md#concept_96DA3B5CAB0140089D3AEDA83BE64518/insight)
## SiteCatalyst 15.4 Maintenance Release (Content Updated
		  2/28) {#section_9ECDB2610DE842D98715C6377D4C0E1B}

The `keyword SiteCatalyst` 15.4 maintenance release (02/21/2013) includes the following changes:

**New Features**

<table id="table_2DA7774AC12642439F27ADEC35DFFC16"> 
 <tgroup cols="2"> 
  <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1" colwidth="1.00*" /> 
  <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2" colwidth="3.87*" /> 
  <thead> 
   <tr> 
    <th colname="col1" class="entry">Feature </th> 
    <th colname="col2" class="entry">Description </th> 
   </tr> 
  </thead> 
  <tbody> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> <p> <b>(Update 2/28)</b> International Geo Zip Codes </p> </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p> Starting February 28th 2013, international zip codes will appear on the <span class="wintitle">Visitor Zip/Postal Code Report</span> for report suites that are configured to have the geo zip code populated by Adobe Data Collection Servers. </p> <p>We also upgraded the IP-to-zip mapping mechanism, which improves accuracy. This upgrade may affect metrics associated with some zip codes. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> <p>Hourly Alerts </p> </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p> 
      <!--69889--> <span class="keyword">SiteCatalyst</span> now considers data latency when triggering hourly alerts. If the previous hour's data is not available at the end of the hour, the alert re-checks on a five minute interval for the complete data and then triggers the appropriate alerts. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> <p>Campaign Manager End of Life </p> </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>The Campaign Manager (<span class="uicontrol">Admin</span> &gt; <span class="uicontrol">Manage Campaigns</span>) feature was removed. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> <p>Changes to the Search Engines and Keywords reports </p> </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p> 
      <!--104541-->The Search Engines and Keywords reports were changed by default to credit the most recent search engine or keywords for a visit if no finding methods allocation setting was selected. Previously the first values were credited. This behavior now matches Discover. </p> <p>For example, if a customer visits through a paid keyword search, then later visits through a natural keyword search before the visit expires, previously the paid keyword search received credit. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
  </tbody> 
 </tgroup> 
</table>

**Fixes**

* In conjunction with the changes to the Search Engines and Keywords reports listed above, an issue was resolved that caused search metrics to be incorrectly allocated on these reports between January 17 and February 21. Natural Search Engine, Paid Search Engine, and Keywords reports that were retrieved during this period need to be re-run to show correct data.
* Added mobile devices with unknown carriers to an Unknown row to the `wintitle Mobile Carriers Report`, and updated the visits total to include all visits. This fixes discrepancies between the total visits on the `wintitle Mobile Carriers Report` and the total mobile visits on the `wintitle Connections Type Report`.
* `wintitle Participation` metrics now properly display as available metrics on `wintitle List Variable` reports.
* In Marketing Channel rules, added support for the *empty*, *does not exist*, and other special operators to the search keywords, search engine, and search track code hit attributes.
* Fixed report graphs that prevented normalized numbers from correctly displaying.
* Fixed an issue that caused inaccurate data to be returned when breaking down a traffic classification by its key value.
* Fixed an issue that prevented users from using numeric 2 metrics as part of a calculated metric.
* Added support for additional calculated metrics in the `wintitle Key Metrics` report.
* Added an error message that displays if you attempt to select `wintitle Hourly` granularity on reports, if that granularity is not available.
* Fixed an issue that caused inconsistent graph legends when deselecting metrics in the `wintitle Key Metrics` report.
* Dashboard column headers now display appropriate time periods when comparing dates.
* Fixed an issue that infrequently prevented users from updating reportlets in dashboards.
* Fixed an issue that caused the header in the `wintitle Company Summary` dashboard reportlet to display the number of the event rather than the number and its friendly name.
* Fixed an issue that prevented users from transferring `keyword SiteCatalyst` settings from one user to another user.
* Fixed a processing issue in the VISTA upload script that caused files to indicate they were processed successfully but showed 0 rows processed.
* The `wintitle Data Extract` and `keyword ExcelClient``wintitle Referring Domains Report` now only include Typed/Bookmarked traffic if specifically requested.
* The `wintitle Unspecified` line item in the `wintitle Mobile Devices Report` can be filtered in `keyword ReportBuilder` and `keyword ExcelClient`.
* Fixed an issue in `wintitle Geo Location Reports` that caused the U.S. state of Connecticut to be improperly classified as Australian Capital Territory. This caused reports to not return data for Connecticut, and to return extra data for the Australian Capital Territory.
## SiteCatalyst 14.9 Maintenance Release {#section_B5AE9C1611044607B47A2E21EF91D748}

The `keyword SiteCatalyst` 14.9 maintenance release (02/21/2013) includes the following changes:

* Added mobile devices with unknown carriers to an Unknown row to the `wintitle Mobile Carriers Report`, and updated the visits total to include all visits. This fixes discrepancies between the total visits on the `wintitle Mobile Carriers Report` and the total mobile visits on the `wintitle Connections Type Report`.
* Fixed a processing issue in VISTA upload script that caused files to indicate they were processed successfully but showed 0 rows processed.
* Fixed report graphs that prevented normalized numbers from correctly displaying.
* Dashboard column headers now display appropriate time periods when comparing dates.
* Fixed an issue that infrequently prevented users from updating reportlets in dashboards.
* The `wintitle Data Extract` and `keyword ExcelClient``wintitle Referring Domains Report` now only include Typed/Bookmarked traffic if specifically requested.
* The `wintitle Unspecified` line item in the `wintitle Mobile Devices Report` can be filtered in `keyword ReportBuilder` and `keyword ExcelClient`.
* Fixed an issue in `wintitle Geo Location Reports` that caused the U.S. state of Connecticut to be improperly classified as Australian Capital Territory. This caused reports to not return data for Connecticut, and to return extra data for the Australian Capital Territory.
## Social 2.3 {#section_72010B71DA7A4E0396E1132911B86D66}

The `keyword Social` 2.3 release (02/21/2013) includes the following changes:

**New Features**

<table id="table_4AFE196494A6408790ACDBB2D0F3FE5E"> 
 <tgroup cols="2"> 
  <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1" colwidth="1.00*" /> 
  <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2" colwidth="2.79*" /> 
  <thead> 
   <tr> 
    <th colname="col1" class="entry">Feature </th> 
    <th colname="col2" class="entry">Description </th> 
   </tr> 
  </thead> 
  <tbody> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> <span class="wintitle">Post Analytics</span> report: <span class="wintitle">Export Images to Excel</span></td> 
    <td colname="col2"> The <span class="wintitle">Export with Images to Excel</span> feature in the <span class="wintitle">Post Analytics</span> report lets you archive posts and images by exporting and compressing them to a <span class="filepath">.zip</span> file. </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1">Publish: Post Facebook photo album publishing </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> For <span class="wintitle">Large Image</span> post types, you can upload multiple images to create a Facebook photo album. </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1">Apps: <span class="wintitle">Poll</span> template </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> A new <span class="wintitle">Poll</span> template lets you create an application to collect users' answers to questions. </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1">Apps: <span class="wintitle">Coupon Code Generator</span> element </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> Improved the process of specifying how many coupons are available. </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1">Apps: Facebook page tab image support </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> Added the ability to set Facebook page tab images. </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1">Documentation localization </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> The documentation has been localized and is available for the French, German, Spanish, and Brazilian Portuguese languages. </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1">Documentation updates </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> Made changes throughout the guide based on customer feedback. </td> 
   </tr> 
  </tbody> 
 </tgroup> 
</table>

See the [New Features in Social](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/social/index.html?f=c_rel_notes) for more information.

**Fixes**

* Fixed an issue that prevented users from editing a post for a Facebook place page.
* Fixed an issue that prompted mobile application users to like a page even though they were already fans of the page.
* Fixed an issue that prevented images from displaying in Facebook when viewed in Microsoft Internet Explorer 9 and 10 if the `wintitle SiteCatalyst` element was included while building the application in `keyword Social`.
* Enhanced the export functionality in the `wintitle Post Analytics` report to include Facebook targeting information.
* Fixed an issue that caused data discrepancies (number of +1s and comments, for example) between `keyword Social` and Google+.
* Fixed an issue so that post details (author, summary, provider, etc.) are included in the `wintitle Campaign Details` report.
* Fixed an issue that caused some Turkish letters in applications to be replaced with symbols.
## Discover 3.1 Maintenance Release {#section_29BC0429B18C4E138E79076495596DBE}

The `keyword Discover` 3.1 maintenance release (02/21/2013) includes the following changes:

**Fixes**

* Exporting to Excel was failing if the charts were collapsed during the export process. No reports were being generated and no warnings were given.
* Reports were taking over ten minutes to load with `keyword Discover` trying to reload metrics and report values. The cause was old tool panels not getting cleaned up properly, which resulted in reports being run for items in panels not displaying in the user interface.
  This has been fixed. A workaround to clear up old tool panels is to go to the default view (`uicontrol Menu` &gt; `uicontrol Window` &gt; `uicontrol Default View`). This clears out any old tool panels if the system gets in this state.
  
  
* Large segment definitions could not be saved in `keyword Discover`. This was caused by large segment folders not saving within the 30 seconds `keyword Discover` provides before automatically shutting down. Now, `keyword Discover` will not shut down until all segment and metric folders are saved.
* Encoded ampersands (&amp;) within segment definitions handed off from `keyword SiteCatalyst` to `keyword Discover` were resulting in a mismatch of rules when run in `keyword Discover`. This has been fixed in `keyword SiteCatalyst` and `keyword Discover` so that segments and resulting reports now match.
* A discrepancy was identified with how `wintitle Fallout` and `wintitle Site Analysis` reports process eVars (except for the campaigns variable). Auto propagation was assigning the previous value of an eVar for each hit until a new value was set. In the case of pathing reports, values should only be used from the initial hit where they are set. Using the auto propagated values caused the numbers in the pathing reports to be inflated. This has been fixed.
## ReportBuilder 4.3 {#section_F093F31BEE194850B7F4B36337820DE4}

The `keyword ReportBuilder` 4.3 release (02/21/2013) includes the following changes:

**New Features**

<table id="table_39EB6E27FC2C44EE87D437962473B8B8"> 
 <tgroup cols="2"> 
  <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1" colwidth="1.00*" /> 
  <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2" colwidth="2.08*" /> 
  <thead> 
   <tr> 
    <th colname="col1" class="entry">Feature </th> 
    <th colname="col2" class="entry">Description </th> 
   </tr> 
  </thead> 
  <tbody> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1">Delivery failure notification </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>If a scheduled <span class="keyword">ReportBuilder</span> workbook fails, Adobe emails a notification that provides the following information: </p> 
     <ul id="ul_027C9170E6E244B789DF6B81EAFBE7AA"> 
      <li id="li_4E8E98975A43454AA3AB506F0762CA79">Workbook name </li> 
      <li id="li_1005506215004AFC81BA24E76D52A208">Reason for failure </li> 
      <li id="li_46DD79C4A82243FBB32448F9956B340C">Solution or troubleshooting options </li> 
     </ul> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1">New version notification </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <span class="keyword">ReportBuilder</span> now notifies you if a new version is available for installation. </td> 
   </tr> 
  </tbody> 
 </tgroup> 
</table>



**Fixes**

* Fixed a display issue in the `wintitle Segment` field. The autocomplete feature was displaying segment folders, even if the folder did not contain selectable segments.
* Fixed a .NET exception error occurring when a request contains a deleted calculated metric.
* Fixed an exception error occurring in the `wintitle Define Filter` dialog. This error occurred when clicking `wintitle OK` after selecting `uicontrol Contains all items` and then typing characters.
* Fixed a cell formatting issue that occurred when you change the font size, and then you save and refresh the request. The font setting was reverting to its original setting.
## ClickMap Maintenance Release {#section_27E61386E8034844A8388B90348CFD56}

The `keyword ClickMap` maintenance release (02/21/2013) for `keyword SiteCatalyst` 15.4 includes the following changes:

* Fixed a mouse hover issue occurring in Firefox 17.0.1.
  >[!NOTE]
  >
  >You must update the`keyword ClickMap` client to apply this fix.
  
* Fixed a compatibility issue in Internet Explorer 9.
## Clickstream Data Feeds {#datafeeds}

** Expansion of page_url and page_event_var1 Columns**

These columns were expanded to store URLs that are longer that 255 characters. This change enables you to receive the entire URL of each page and tracked link, which might contain long query strings or other values that were previously truncated at 255 characters.

After this change, the `varname page_url` and `varname page_event_var1` length will increase from 255 bytes to 64 kilobytes. Update any applications or scripts that you are using to process the data feed to use a 64Kb variable to store these strings. If you are storing the data feed in a database, make sure that the `varname page_url` and `varname page_event_var1` columns are large enough to contain a string up to 64Kb. Alternatively, if your systems require the truncated versions of these columns, ensure that your ETL handles truncation appropriately.

This change does not impact the `varname post_page_url` or `varname post_page_event_var1` columns, which remain at 255 characters.

**What do I need to do?**

You need to upgrade your ETL process to handle the expanded columns.

Recent versions of JavaScript `keyword AppMeasurement` truncate the URL at 255 characters, so an upgrade to JavaScript H.25.3 (released January 2013) is required to start collecting URLs over 255 characters. Other data collection methods (including other `keyword AppMeasurement` libraries, data insertion API, hard-coded image requests, and full processing and historic data sources) do not truncate the URL, so you might receive URLs over 255 characters in your data feed after January 22, 2013.

See the [Clickstream Data Feeds](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/whitepapers/clickstream/index.html?f=c_new_features) help for the latest information.

## Web Services API {#webservices}

Visit [developer.omniture.com](http://developer.omniture.com) to learn more about the Web Services API.

## AppMeasurement & Mobile {#section_D0633D8F6F214940BE3287B305BD760A}

`keyword AppMeasurement` libraries for all platforms except JavaScript are now hosted on [Developer Connection](http://developer.omniture.com). The latest JavaScript `keyword AppMeasurement` library and your saved code archives are still available in `uicontrol Admin` &gt; `uicontrol Code Manager`.

**JavaScript `keyword AppMeasurement`**

**H.25.4**

* Changed automatic exit link tracking to always ignore links with `codeph HREF` attributes that start with `codeph #`, `codeph about:`, or `codeph javascript:`.
* Refined scope of click events affected by `codeph useForcedLinkTracking`. The automatic forced link tracking applies only to:
    * `codeph &lt;A&gt;` and `codeph &lt;AREA&gt;` tags
    * The tag must have an `codeph HREF` attribute
    * The `codeph HREF` can't start with `codeph #`, `codeph about:`, or `codeph javascript:`
    * The `codeph TARGET` attribute must not be set, or the `codeph TARGET` needs to refer to the current window (`codeph _self`, `codeph _top`, or the value of `codeph window.name`)
  
** `keyword AppMeasurement` for Other Platforms**

See [AppMeasurement Release History](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/sc/appmeasurement/release/index.html) the following for a release history of `keyword AppMeasurement` on the following platforms:

* JavaScript
* iOS
* Android
* Flash-Flex
* Windows Phone, XBOX, Silverlight, and .NET
* BlackBerry
* Java
* PHP
* Symbian
## DataWarehouse {#section_09D1BB1EF523488EB53E5520C4E7AADD}

The `keyword DataWarehouse` maintenance release (02/21/2013) includes the following changes:

* Fixed an issue in `wintitle Geo Location Reports` that caused the U.S. state of Connecticut to be improperly classified as Australian Capital Territory. This caused reports to not return data for Connecticut, and to return extra data for the Australian Capital Territory.
## AudienceManager {#section_A6E9813BB39E492EA830247B46F5BE97}

The `keyword AudienceManager` maintenance release (January 2013) includes the following changes:

**New Features**

<table id="table_531014DEFB724E46826454565CA3A1B6"> 
 <tgroup cols="2"> 
  <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1" colwidth="*" /> 
  <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2" colwidth="*" /> 
  <thead> 
   <tr> 
    <th colname="col1" class="entry">Feature </th> 
    <th colname="col2" class="entry">Description </th> 
   </tr> 
  </thead> 
  <tbody> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1">REST APIs </td> 
    <td colname="col2">The API returns <span class="codeph">401 Unauthorized</span> instead of a generic 500 error if you make additional calls after your session expires.
     <!--API-129--></td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> <span class="keyword">Trait Builder, Segment Builder</span> </td> 
    <td colname="col2">Cloned traits or segments are now automatically assigned to the same storage folder as the original trait or segment. However, you can select a different folder if required.
     <!--FE-1048--></td> 
   </tr> 
  </tbody> 
 </tgroup> 
</table>



**Fixes**

* Fixed a database issue that caused data for the dashboard unique user graph and count to be off by one day.
* In `keyword Trait Builder`, changes to a previously created expression were not saved if you viewed the rule on the trait summary page and returned to `keyword Trait Builder` to modify the same rule.
* In Destination Builder, the help icon was cut in half.
* The summary view page for a trait did not display information in the `wintitle Data Category` field.
## Test&Target 3.3 {#section_556F8547F7C2449387B2AFA9BED9CA1A}

The `keyword Test&amp;Target` 3.3 release (02/26/2013) contains a number of behind-the-scenes changes in preparation for future releases. These changes have no user impact at this time. It also includes the following new features:

<table id="table_2B61F86B59274CBD9D1CAB53FDBDF20D"> 
 <tgroup cols="2"> 
  <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1" colwidth="1.00*" /> 
  <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2" colwidth="1.43*" /> 
  <thead> 
   <tr> 
    <th colname="col1" class="entry">Feature </th> 
    <th colname="col2" class="entry">Description </th> 
   </tr> 
  </thead> 
  <tbody> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> <p>Test&amp;Target Admin Access IP Filters </p> </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>You can control which computers are used to access your <span class="keyword">Test&amp;Target</span> account. For example, if your office IP address range is <span class="filepath">215.10.*.*</span>, you can configure <span class="keyword">Test&amp;Target</span> to reject someone who attempts to sign in using a computer with an IP address outside that range. </p> <p> This must be set up by a <span class="keyword">Test&amp;Target</span> superuser. The feature is found on the client details page. </p> <p>Unlike <span class="uicontrol">IP Filters</span>, now renamed <span class="uicontrol">Report IP Filters</span>, this new feature is a white list. If any addresses or ranges are set, only people in the set address ranges can sign in. If no admin access IP filters are set, people can sign in from any IP address. </p> <p> Specific IP addresses can be entered, such as: </p> <p> <span class="codeph">215.10.155.20</span> </p> <p>IP address ranges can be specified using a subnet mask: </p> <p> <span class="codeph">215.10.0.0 255.255.0.0</span> </p> <p>A combination of the above is also possible. For example, to allow access from the office and a single home or remote office: </p> <p> <span class="codeph">215.10.0.0 255.255.0.0</span> </p> <p> <span class="codeph">119.10.54.16</span> </p> <p>Each IP address or range must be entered on a separate line. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> <p>Multiple Visitor Profiles API </p> </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p> The 3rd party profile API now can update multiple profiles with a single API call. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
  </tbody> 
 </tgroup> 
</table>



**Fixes**

* `uicontrol IP Filters` has been renamed `uicontrol Report IP Filters` to differentiate it from the new `uicontrol Test&amp;Target Admin Access IP Filters` feature. Functionality has not changed.
* When you click directly from the stale report column of a 1:1 campaign, the report summary page is stale and does not reflect most-current results until after you click `uicontrol Apply`. The values could be dramatically different, causing an analyst to react on stale values. This issue has been fixed so that stale results are no longer served.
## Search&Promote 8.9.5 {#section_708A2B94F3DC4850A1BAEB907200007F}

`keyword  Search&amp;Promote` 8.9.5 (02/21/2013) includes the following changes:

**Fixes**
  *
  You can now reorder facets dynamically.
  
  
  *
  The back-end search CGI parameters `codeph sp_d_#` and `codeph sp_date_range_#` were not working for user-defined metadata fields.
  
  
  *
  A de-duplication problem caused the search results count to be unequal to the specified count.
  
  

See [Search&amp;Promote Documentation Home](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/snp/index.html) for the latest `keyword Adobe Search&amp;Promote` documentation.

## Survey 3.4 {#section_D9FBF5BEAA0A4003B612A5FFCEF3916E}

`keyword Survey` was not updated for this release.

For more information about `keyword Survey`, see the [Survey User Guide](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/survey/index.html?f=c_Release_Notes).

## SearchCenter 4.4 {#section_F6CB3C66B8AD4A62831693BC7B80DB24}

`keyword SearchCenter` was not updated for this release.

For more information about `keyword SearchCenter`, see the [SearchCenter User Guide](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/scm/index.html?f=c_Release_Notes).

## Genesis 3 {#section_6E8EE327E50C4F33BB640B72B3ECB51E}

No updates. See [Genesis 3 Maintenance Release](c_01172013.md#concept_461AB52E6750482AB8D044205D4BFBB8/section_E74DE24335A3466C83EB9D20E20FBFA3) in the January 2013 release notes for the latest information.

## Insight 5.5 {#insight}

See [Insight Product Documentation](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/insight/insight_release_notes.pdf?cb=540) for the latest `keyword Insight` release notes and documentation.

