---
description: Maintenance release information in the Marketing Cloud™.
keywords: release notes
seo-description: Maintenance release information in the Marketing Cloud™.
seo-title: Release Notes - March 21 2013
solution: Experience Cloud,Release Notes
title: Release Notes - March 21 2013
---

# Release Notes - March 21 2013

Maintenance release date: **March 21 2013**

* [ SiteCatalyst 15.4 Maintenance Release ](c_03212013.md#concept_9A656ED7F5EE44908DEEE5643DA02B11/section_B87C521AEBC242F5955D162D527A5DA3)
* [ SiteCatalyst 14.9 Maintenance Release ](c_03212013.md#concept_9A656ED7F5EE44908DEEE5643DA02B11/section_5D8134E70F1B421C93C3CA8ECDC7D998)
* [ Social 2.4 Maintenance Release ](c_03212013.md#concept_9A656ED7F5EE44908DEEE5643DA02B11/section_126AFA743F0B4FB68E82217E8EEEF52D)
* [ Discover 3.1 Maintenance Release ](c_03212013.md#concept_9A656ED7F5EE44908DEEE5643DA02B11/section_CBEBABE17B7147088A2FE134FE57A9CD)
* [ ReportBuilder 4.3 Maintenance Release ](c_03212013.md#concept_9A656ED7F5EE44908DEEE5643DA02B11/section_6AA888F7F8634A599EC056D63D68E649)
* [ DataWarehouse ](c_03212013.md#concept_9A656ED7F5EE44908DEEE5643DA02B11/section_099E60930E184B72A3151E4BB98DD228)
* [ Web Services API ](c_03212013.md#concept_9A656ED7F5EE44908DEEE5643DA02B11/webservices)
* [ AppMeasurement &amp; Mobile ](c_03212013.md#concept_9A656ED7F5EE44908DEEE5643DA02B11/section_D0633D8F6F214940BE3287B305BD760A)
* [ AudienceManager ](c_03212013.md#concept_9A656ED7F5EE44908DEEE5643DA02B11/section_DA3DE8FC441D41D1B65895196A3F1AD9)
* [ Genesis 3.1 Maintenance Release ](c_03212013.md#concept_9A656ED7F5EE44908DEEE5643DA02B11/section_DC9222873727408EAC3051E090729FCE)
* [ Search&amp;Promote 8.9.6 ](c_03212013.md#concept_9A656ED7F5EE44908DEEE5643DA02B11/section_708A2B94F3DC4850A1BAEB907200007F)
* [ Recommendations 2.14 ](c_03212013.md#concept_9A656ED7F5EE44908DEEE5643DA02B11/section_3A1ABF27833047A883FB76E9B2B6CF1D)
* [ Insight 5.5 ](c_03212013.md#concept_9A656ED7F5EE44908DEEE5643DA02B11/insight)
* [ Clickstream Data Feeds ](c_03212013.md#concept_9A656ED7F5EE44908DEEE5643DA02B11/section_7A393A841D6A412CB1EFC20B58EC4538)
* [ ClickMap ](c_03212013.md#concept_9A656ED7F5EE44908DEEE5643DA02B11/section_570E76085F81420C924E0083D0C63672)
* [ Survey 3.4 ](c_03212013.md#concept_9A656ED7F5EE44908DEEE5643DA02B11/section_6185A0274C82423FB21A9C952DE42339)
* [ SearchCenter 4.4 ](c_03212013.md#concept_9A656ED7F5EE44908DEEE5643DA02B11/section_159F6937E11446A78A06AC5DBEB1DE0D)
## SiteCatalyst
     15.4 Maintenance Release {#section_B87C521AEBC242F5955D162D527A5DA3}

The `keyword  SiteCatalyst` 15.4 maintenance release (03/21/2013) includes the following changes:

<table id="table_81E35C9AA53544EA8FAD069A40A6B9F6"> 
 <tgroup cols="2"> 
  <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1" colwidth="1.00*" /> 
  <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2" colwidth="2.37*" /> 
  <thead> 
   <tr> 
    <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Feature </th> 
    <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
   </tr> 
  </thead> 
  <tbody> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> Correlations available for all traffic variables </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>Correlations are now available for all traffic variables, which enables you to break down any traffic variable by any other in <span class="keyword"> SiteCatalyst </span> traffic reports. </p> <p>Historic data for correlations that were not previously configured is available for all dates after the <span class="keyword"> SiteCatalyst </span> 15 upgrade date. </p> <p>Correlations that were configured before the <span class="keyword"> SiteCatalyst </span> 15 upgrade date continue to have historical data from the date when the correlation was enabled. </p> <p>Bookmarks, dashboards, and other reports that currently use correlations are not impacted and continue to work as expected. </p> <p>As part of this change, <span class="wintitle"> Correlation Manager </span> was removed from <span class="keyword"> Admin Console </span>, as you no longer need to manually configure correlations. 
      <!--101704--></p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> Numeric/Currency Events outside of the products list </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>You can now provide a decimal value for Numeric/Currency Events in the events list. Previously, decimal values for these events were supported only within the product list. Numeric/Currency Event values in the events list apply to all products in the products list. </p> <p>This is useful to track order-wide discounts, shipping, and similar values, without modifying the product price or by tracking it in the product list separately. For example, if you configured <span class="varname"> event10 </span> to contain order-wide discounts, a purchase with a 10% discount might appear similar to the following: </p> 
     <codeblock>
       s.events="purchase,event10=9.95" 
      <discoiqbr />s.products=";Shoes;1;69.95,;Socks;10;29.50" 
     </codeblock> <p>On the order-wide discounts ( <span class="varname"> event10 </span>) report, you would see the following: </p> <p> 
      <table id="table_A11C217A721A4BF782DD90BFC2F4A295"> 
       <tgroup cols="2"> 
        <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1" colwidth="1.00*" /> 
        <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2" colwidth="3.34*" /> 
        <thead> 
         <tr> 
          <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Product </th> 
          <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Event10 </th> 
         </tr> 
        </thead> 
        <tbody> 
         <tr> 
          <td colname="col1"> Shoes </td> 
          <td colname="col2"> 9.95 </td> 
         </tr> 
         <tr> 
          <td colname="col1"> Socks </td> 
          <td colname="col2"> 9.95 </td> 
         </tr> 
         <tr> 
          <td colname="col1"> Total </td> 
          <td colname="col2"> <b>9.95</b> </td> 
         </tr> 
        </tbody> 
       </tgroup> 
      </table> </p> <p>The report total represents the de-duplicated event total (the total amount of discounts during the reporting period), not the sum of the event values for each product. </p> <p>If a value for a Numeric/Currency Event is specified in the products string and in the event string, the value from the event string is used. </p> <p>Note:  This feature can be used with your current AppMeasurement library, it does not require an AppMeasurement upgrade. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> <p>Changes to Visitor Migration </p> </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>If you are planning a migration from third-party to first-party cookies (or any other cookie migration), the visitor migration process has changed. </p> <p>For enhanced security, visitor migration is now configured by ClientCare on the data collection server, rather than using data collection variables in your data collection code. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> <p>Changes to Link Tracking Redirects </p> </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>In an upcoming release, restrictions are being enabled on the mechanism that lets you redirect using the <span class="codeph"> url </span> query parameter after tracking a link. For example: </p> 
     <codeblock>
       &lt;a href="metrics.myco.com/b/ss/...&amp;url=http://somesite.com" 
     </codeblock> <p>For enhanced security, limitations are being placed on the domains to which redirects are allowed. After this change, you must specify a white list of domains where redirects are allowed. If a redirect is attempted to a domain not on this list, a 403 forbidden error is returned to the browser. </p> <p>Adobe is currently auditing report suites that are using this functionality to pre-populate the white list based on the redirect URLs currently in use. To confirm and update the white list for your report suites, contact ClientCare. </p> <p>Link tracking redirects will be disabled by default for all other report suites. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> <p> International Geo Postal Codes </p> </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p> Starting February 28th 2013, international postal codes will appear on the <span class="wintitle"> Visitor Zip/Postal Code Report </span> for report suites that are configured to have the geo zip/postal code populated by Adobe data collection servers. </p> <p>The IP-to-zip mapping mechanism was also upgraded to improve accuracy. This upgrade might affect metrics associated with some zip codes. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> <p>Custom names for processing rules </p> </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>You can now provide a custom name for a processing rule. Previously, the name was automatically generated based on the operation and the selected variable. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> <p>Internet Explorer 6 is no longer tested for compatibility with the SiteCatalyst UI </p> </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>Internet Explorer 6 is no longer tested for compatibility with the SiteCatalyst UI. Data collection continues to work as expected for customers using Internet Explorer 6. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> <p>SiteCatalyst 15 is the default version in the login drop down </p> </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>The login menu defaults to SiteCatalyst 15 if you have not previously selected a different version. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> <p>Added Social Analytics Menu </p> </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>Customers who have both Adobe Analytics and Adobe Social will see a new Social menu in the SiteCatalyst left navigation menu. This menu contains events and variables that have been deployed as part of your Social measurement. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
  </tbody> 
 </tgroup> 
</table>

**Fixes**

* Fixed an issue when downloading CSV reports that caused column headers to be blank.
* Fixed an issue that caused data extracts to take longer than expected to process or sometimes time out.
* Fixed an issue that caused the date to shift one day forward on dashboards and reportlets.
* Fixed an issue that caused justification differences between images when viewed on a dashboard versus a downloaded report in PDF format.
* Fixed an issue that prevented `keyword  Test&amp;Target` campaigns from displaying in `keyword  SiteCatalyst`.
* Fixed an issue that prevented calculated metrics that include `wintitle  Unique Visitor` from displaying in the `wintitle  Calculated Metrics` menu list in the `wintitle  Favorites` menu.
* Fixed an issue that prevented users from editing conversion variables using the `keyword  Admin Console`.
* Fixed an issue that prevented users from editing or removing members from a user group that contains a large number of members.
* Fixed an issue that prevented user groups with long names from displaying in the `keyword  Admin Console`. A validation mechanism is now in place to prevent users from creating user groups longer than 255 bytes.
* March 11th 2am data was missing (it appeared as 3am data) on trended reports (Page Views and Events) with hourly granularity for report suites that aren't configured for daylight savings time.
## SiteCatalyst
     14.9 Maintenance Release {#section_5D8134E70F1B421C93C3CA8ECDC7D998}

The `keyword  SiteCatalyst` 14.9 maintenance release (03/21/2013) includes the following changes:

* The `wintitle  Metric Selector` on the `wintitle  Report Suite Totals Report` now displays only calculated metrics that are supported on that report (overtime metrics).
* Fixed an issue when downloading CSV reports that caused column headers to be blank.
* Fixed an issue that caused the date to shift one day forward on dashboards and reportlets.
* Fixed an issue that prevented `keyword  Test&amp;Target` campaigns from displaying in `keyword  SiteCatalyst`.
* Fixed an issue that prevented users from editing conversion variables using the `keyword  Admin Console`.
* Fixed an issue that prevented users from editing or removing members from a user group that contains a large number of members.
* Fixed an issue that prevented user groups with long names from displaying in the `keyword  Admin Console`. A validation mechanism is now in place to prevent users from creating user groups longer than 255 bytes.
* March 11th 2am data was missing (it appeared as 3am data) on trended reports (Page Views and Events) with hourly granularity for report suites that aren't configured for daylight savings time.
## Social 2.4 Maintenance Release {#section_126AFA743F0B4FB68E82217E8EEEF52D}

The `keyword  Social` 2.4 maintenance release (03/21/2013) includes the following changes:

**New Features**

<table id="table_4AFE196494A6408790ACDBB2D0F3FE5E"> 
 <tgroup cols="2"> 
  <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1" colwidth="1.00*" /> 
  <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2" colwidth="2.79*" /> 
  <thead> 
   <tr> 
    <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Feature </th> 
    <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
   </tr> 
  </thead> 
  <tbody> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> Apps: Twitter template </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>Added a new Twitter template to help you quickly display a Twitter feed from within an application. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> Twitter functionality </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>Updated Twitter functionality due to Twitter API changes. Users will not see any changes in functionality other than the removal of the <span class="wintitle"> Display User Photo </span> setting from the <span class="wintitle"> Twitter Feed </span> element. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> Language support </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>The documentation has been localized and is available in the Japanese language. </p> <p> <span class="wintitle"> Listening </span>, <span class="wintitle"> Publishing </span>, and <span class="wintitle"> Moderation </span> capabilities are now supported for the Hebrew and Arabic languages. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> <p>Added Social Analytics Menu </p> </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>Customers who have both Adobe Analytics and Adobe Social will see a new Social menu in the SiteCatalyst left navigation menu. This menu contains events and variables that have been deployed as part of your Social measurement. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
  </tbody> 
 </tgroup> 
</table>

See the [ New Features in Social ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/social/index.html?f=c_rel_notes) for more information.

**Fixes**

* Fixed an issue that caused users to be prematurely logged out of `keyword  Social`.
* Fixed an issue that caused `wintitle  Mentions` in the `wintitle  Key Metrics` report to be lower than expected.
* Fixed an issue when re-authorizing a Twitter account that caused the account's owner to be reset and caused members of user groups to lose access to the account.
* Fixed an issue that caused the `wintitle  Upload Image` button to not display when editing legacy applications.
## Discover 3.1 Maintenance Release {#section_CBEBABE17B7147088A2FE134FE57A9CD}

The `keyword  Discover` 3.1 maintenance release (03/21/2013) includes the following changes:

**Fixes**


* Users attempting to run reports but were not administrators or not in a group with explicit administrative access rights received a 310 error. This has been fixed to allow permissions based on individual rights and to allow these users access to the report's feature.
* When scheduling a report in the `wintitle  Schedule Manager` and entering a date in the `uicontrol  End after so many occurrences` field, the schedule would end after the current day regardless of the entered value. This has now been fixed. In addition, after clicking the `uicontrol  Save` button a `uicontrol  Calculate End Date` message now appears displaying when the scheduled action will expire.
* While running `keyword  Discover` with international, non-English language settings, if you let `keyword  Discover` sit for 30 minutes until the session timed out then the menus changed to English. This is now fixed to reset to the previously selected language after a session timeout.
* Fixed an inconsistency in `wintitle  Scheduled Reports` that would display zeros if reporting across data boundaries after the new ( `keyword  SiteCatalyst` 15) data platform was introduced. This problem was a rare occurrence caused by updating versions and tracking across multiple datasets and incongruent time slices.
* Incorrect allocation of Orders for each country in a GeoCountries report rendered the sum of line items to be far less than the total Orders. After the fix, a country's data persists throughout the visit so orders can be allocated to the appropriate country in every visit with a purchase event.
* Australian Capital Territory was displaying in USA report. This is now fixed.
* No data displayed beyond 2/21/2013 in the GeoSegmentation report for states in the USA. This fix will allow all historical data to return. A workaround is to run a Regions report with a segment that includes Visits where the Country setting is the United States.
* List Item

## ReportBuilder
     4.3 Maintenance Release {#section_6AA888F7F8634A599EC056D63D68E649}

The `keyword  ReportBuilder` maintenance release (03/21/2013) includes the following changes:

**New Features**

<table id="table_2DA7774AC12642439F27ADEC35DFFC16"> 
 <tgroup cols="2"> 
  <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1" colwidth="1.00*" /> 
  <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2" colwidth="3.87*" /> 
  <thead> 
   <tr> 
    <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Feature </th> 
    <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
   </tr> 
  </thead> 
  <tbody> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> <p> <span class="wintitle"> Manage ReportBuilder Scheduled Tasks </span> </p> </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p> Click <span class="uicontrol"> Admin </span> &gt; <span class="uicontrol"> Company </span> &gt; <span class="uicontrol"> ReportBuilder Reports </span>. </p> <p> Administrators can now view all users with <span class="keyword"> ReportBuilder </span> access privileges and see how many available scheduled tasks each users has. Each <span class="keyword"> ReportBuilder </span> user license automatically allocates ten scheduled tasks. You can adjust or reallocate their scheduled tasks as necessary. </p> <p>See <a href="https://microsite.omniture.com/t2/help/en_US/reference/index.html?f=users" format="https" scope="external"> Users </a> in Admin Help for information about granting a <span class="keyword"> SiteCatalyst </span> user access to <span class="keyword"> ReportBuilder </span>. 
      <!--http://bugzilla.ut1.omniture.com/show_bug.cgi?id=104861--></p> <p> <p>Note:  Scheduled tasks cannot exceed the number of available tasks per user. If you attempt to set the available amount lower than the total amount scheduled, a warning is issued, letting you delete scheduled reports. </p> </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> <p>Refresh requests using a macro in Excel </p> </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>We added support for three <span class="keyword"> ReportBuilder </span> API methods that can be invoked from VBA. 
      <!--http://bugzilla.ut1.omniture.com/show_bug.cgi?id=53519--></p> <p>Prerequisites: </p> 
     <ul id="ul_A90FFBD8AB744D4CB4817E35C067A30D"> 
      <li id="li_0C454E36783642028D38686850CF5922">Install the latest <span class="keyword"> ReportBuilder </span> client application to the computer on which you intend to run the macro. </li> 
      <li id="li_16B99875F8A8495EBE457915244029B4">Log in to <span class="keyword"> ReportBuilder </span> prior to running macros. </li> 
     </ul> <p>For security reasons, a workbook that contains a macro cannot be scheduled through the <span class="keyword"> ReportBuilder </span> scheduling interface. </p> <p> <b> RefreshAllReportBuilderRequests()</b> </p> <p>The following macro refreshes all <span class="keyword"> ReportBuilder </span> requests in the active workbook: </p> 
     <codeblock>
       Sub RefreshAllReportBuilderRequests() 
      <discoiqbr /> 
      <discoiqbr /> Dim addIn As COMAddIn 
      <discoiqbr /> Dim automationObject As Object 
      <discoiqbr /> Dim success As Boolean 
      <discoiqbr /> 
      <discoiqbr /> 'First step is to invoke the ReportBuilder COM Addin through its Product ID 
      <discoiqbr /> Set addIn = Application.COMAddIns("ReportBuilderAddIn.Connect") 
      <discoiqbr /> Set automationObject = addIn.Object 
      <discoiqbr /> 
      <discoiqbr /> ' Once the Addin has been retrieved, invoke the RefreshAllRequests() API command 
      <discoiqbr /> success = automationObject.RefreshAllRequests(ActiveWorkbook) 
      <discoiqbr /> 
      <discoiqbr />End Sub 
      <discoiqbr /> 
     </codeblock> <p> <b> RefreshAllReportBuilderRequestsInActiveWorksheet() </b> </p> <p>The following macro refreshes all <span class="keyword"> ReportBuilder </span> requests in the active worksheet: </p> 
     <codeblock>
       Sub RefreshAllReportBuilderRequestsInActiveWorksheet() 
      <discoiqbr /> 
      <discoiqbr /> Dim addIn As COMAddIn 
      <discoiqbr /> Dim automationObject As Object 
      <discoiqbr /> Dim success As Boolean 
      <discoiqbr /> 
      <discoiqbr /> 'First step is to invoke the ReportBuilder COM Addin through its Product ID 
      <discoiqbr /> Set addIn = Application.COMAddIns("ReportBuilderAddIn.Connect") 
      <discoiqbr /> Set automationObject = addIn.Object 
      <discoiqbr /> 
      <discoiqbr /> ' Once the Addin has been retrieved, invoke the RefreshWorksheetRequests() API command 
      <discoiqbr /> success = automationObject.RefreshWorksheetRequests(ActiveWorkbook.ActiveSheet) 
      <discoiqbr /> ' The RefreshWorksheetRequests() API call take a worksheet object as an argument. 
      <discoiqbr /> ' Thus you can call if for any worksheet that contains ARB requests. 
      <discoiqbr /> 
      <discoiqbr />End Sub 
      <discoiqbr /> 
     </codeblock> <p> <b>RefreshAllReportBuilderRequestsInCellsRange() </b> </p> <p>The following macro refreshes all <span class="keyword"> ReportBuilder </span> requests whose cell outputs intersect the a specified range of cells: </p> 
     <codeblock>
       Sub RefreshAllReportBuilderRequestsInCellsRange() 
      <discoiqbr /> 
      <discoiqbr /> Dim addIn As COMAddIn 
      <discoiqbr /> Dim automationObject As Object 
      <discoiqbr /> Dim success As Boolean 
      <discoiqbr /> 
      <discoiqbr /> 'First step is to invoke the ReportBuilder COM Addin through its Product ID 
      <discoiqbr /> Set addIn = Application.COMAddIns("ReportBuilderAddIn.Connect") 
      <discoiqbr /> Set automationObject = addIn.Object 
      <discoiqbr /> 
      <discoiqbr /> ' Once the Addin has been retrieved, invoke the RefreshRequestsInCellsRange() API command 
      <discoiqbr /> ' The cell range specified below points to the range B1:B54 of the "Data" worksheet of the active workbook. 
      <discoiqbr /> ' The range expression will support all supported Excel Range expression 
      <discoiqbr /> success = automationObject.RefreshRequestsInCellsRange("'Data'!B1:B54") 
      <discoiqbr /> 
      <discoiqbr />End Sub 
     </codeblock> </td> 
   </tr> 
  </tbody> 
 </tgroup> 
</table>

**Fixes**

* Updated `wintitle  Scheduled Reports` to ensure that after scheduling and resetting reports, the report runs only once instead of multiple times.
* Fixed an issue causing carrot ( `codeph  &lt;&gt;`) characters to incorrectly display in error messages.
* Fixed an issue causing the scheduled report failure message to show the incorrect filename and report name.
* Fixed an issue causing a permission error when using the `wintitle  Fixed Date` option.
## DataWarehouse {#section_099E60930E184B72A3151E4BB98DD228}

The `keyword  DataWarehouse` 15.4 maintenance release (03/21/2013) includes the following changes:

**New Features**

<table id="table_BC25FB3C520C46CD89F0C3E4524E10FA"> 
 <tgroup cols="2"> 
  <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1" colwidth="1.00*" /> 
  <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2" colwidth="2.79*" /> 
  <thead> 
   <tr> 
    <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Feature </th> 
    <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
   </tr> 
  </thead> 
  <tbody> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> Page URL is now available in reports </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>The Page URL is available for current and historical reports. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
  </tbody> 
 </tgroup> 
</table>

**Fixes**

* Row limit changes to existing jobs in the `keyword  DataWarehouse` UI were not being applied. If you recently changed a row limit for an existing job and the change was not applied, you can now apply the change and it will save correctly.
* Some large `keyword  DataWarehouse` requests were failing with a "Breakdown application crashed" error message.
* Now replace " `codeph  &amp;amp;`" with " `codeph  &amp;`" in segment rules.
## Web Services API {#webservices}

The `keyword  Web Services` maintenance release (03/21/2013) includes the following changes:

* `wintitle  Anomaly Detection` is now available for the reporting API. This feature lets you retrieve upper bounds, lower bounds, and forecast data. See [ SiteCatalyst Reporting API ](https://developer.omniture.com/en_US/documentation/sitecatalyst-reporting/c-reporting-api).
* The `keyword  CodeManager` APIs that simulate the functionality of the Admin Console Code Manager were deprecated. Code archives remain available in Admin Console.
Visit [ developer.omniture.com ](http://developer.omniture.com) to learn more about the Web Services API.

## AppMeasurement
     & Mobile {#section_D0633D8F6F214940BE3287B305BD760A}

`keyword  AppMeasurement` libraries for all platforms except JavaScript are now hosted on [ Developer Connection ](http://developer.omniture.com). The latest JavaScript `keyword  AppMeasurement` library and your saved code archives are still available in `uicontrol  Admin` &gt; `uicontrol  Code Manager`.

<table id="table_CA62406F3418463D8DD9D62E61153559"> 
 <tgroup cols="2"> 
  <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1" colwidth="1.00*" /> 
  <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2" colwidth="2.47*" /> 
  <thead> 
   <tr> 
    <th colname="col1" class="entry"></th> 
    <th colname="col2" class="entry"></th> 
   </tr> 
  </thead> 
  <tbody> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> Format changes for custom timestamps </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>If you are specifying a custom timestamp (using the <span class="codeph"> s.timestamp </span> variable), some changes to the ISO-8601 formats accepted are changing in this release: </p> 
     <ul id="ul_E0638F46907645DC90DF2749DC51C3C4"> 
      <li id="li_A0CFC0BF981C4A70BCD877129026571C">Both date and time must be provided, separated by "T" </li> 
      <li id="li_DDC66E76F4314D59B526B9306BB660BB">The date must be a calendar date with full precision (year, month, and day). Week dates and ordinal dates are not supported. </li> 
      <li id="li_DA4257991D1545778AFFDBE72DFE0026">The date can be in standard or extended format ( <span class="codeph"> YYYY-MM-DD </span> or <span class="codeph"> YYYYMMDD </span>), but they must include the hour and minute. Seconds are optional ( <span class="codeph"> HH:MM </span>, <span class="codeph"> HH:MM:SS </span>, <span class="codeph"> HHMM </span>, or <span class="codeph"> HHMMSS </span>). Fractional minutes and seconds can be passed in, but the fractional part is ignored. </li> 
      <li id="li_A2597FF32833443BA2E6CEC67CD47663">An optional time zone can be specified in standard or extended format ( <span class="codeph"> ±HH </span>, <span class="codeph"> ±HH:MM </span>, <span class="codeph"> ±HH </span>, <span class="codeph"> ±HHMM </span>, or Z) </li> 
     </ul> 
     <codeblock>
       2013-01-01T12:30:05+06:00 
      <discoiqbr />2013-01-01T12:30:05Z 
      <discoiqbr />2013-01-01T12:30:05 
      <discoiqbr />2013-01-01T12:30 
     </codeblock> <p>UNIX time stamps continue to be supported (seconds since Jan 1st 1970). </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
  </tbody> 
 </tgroup> 
</table>

** `keyword  AppMeasurement` for Other Platforms**

See [ AppMeasurement Release History ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/sc/appmeasurement/release/index.html) the following for a release history of `keyword  AppMeasurement` on the following platforms:

* JavaScript
* iOS
* Android
* Flash-Flex
* Windows Phone, XBOX, Silverlight, and .NET
* BlackBerry
* Java
* PHP
* Symbian
## AudienceManager {#section_DA3DE8FC441D41D1B65895196A3F1AD9}

The `keyword  AudienceManager` maintenance release (February 2013) includes the following changes:

**New Features**

<table id="table_99C7E33B4ED443BDB395DA4FBB8B752F"> 
 <tgroup cols="2"> 
  <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1" colwidth="1.00*" /> 
  <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2" colwidth="2.97*" /> 
  <thead> 
   <tr> 
    <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Feature </th> 
    <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
   </tr> 
  </thead> 
  <tbody> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> Declared ID Targeting </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> Declared IDs help you exchange and synchronize user IDs with devices or browsers that do not use persistent storage mechanisms like third-party cookies. See <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/demdex/index.html?f=c_declared_id" format="http" scope="external"> Declared IDs </a>. </td> 
   </tr> 
  </tbody> 
 </tgroup> 
</table>



## Genesis
     3.1 Maintenance Release {#section_DC9222873727408EAC3051E090729FCE}

The `keyword  Genesis` maintenance release (03/21/2013) includes the following changes:

** `wintitle  Dev Center` Fixes**

* Fixed an issue that incorrectly caused "An unknown error has occurred" message to display when saving a list variable.
* Fixed the Locale menu on the `wintitle  Add Resource` page so that it displays all languages.
**Fixes**

* `keyword  DFA` Integration: Fixed an issue preventing data from importing.
* `keyword  DFA` plug-in: Fixed an integration issue with Adobe `keyword  CQ`.
* `keyword  Salesforce` Integration: General back-end improvements to resolve data errors.
## Search&Promote
     8.9.6 {#section_708A2B94F3DC4850A1BAEB907200007F}

`keyword  Search&amp;Promote` 8.9.6 (03/21/2013) includes the following changes:

**Fixes and enhancements**


  *
  The value of 0 was not being removed from `uicontrol  Breadcrumbs`.
  
  
  *
  When a large list of direct-hits was processed, an error occurred.
  
  
  *
  Enhancements made when you push one or more `uicontrol  Business Rules` live.
  
  

See [ Search&amp;Promote Documentation Home ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/snp/index.html) for the latest `keyword  Adobe Search&amp;Promote` documentation.

## Recommendations 2.14 {#section_3A1ABF27833047A883FB76E9B2B6CF1D}

This release of `keyword  Recommendations` (03/21/2013) includes the following changes.

`keyword  Recommendations` is now an integral capability within `keyword  Adobe` `keyword  Target`. `keyword  Adobe Target`, part of the `keyword  Adobe Marketing Cloud`, is a solution that provides data-driven personalization for revenue impact by leveraging the integrated capabilities of `keyword  Test&amp;Target`, `keyword  Test&amp;Target 1:1` (Automated Behavioral Targeting), Geo-targeting, Analytics-Powered Targeting, `keyword  Recommendations` and `keyword  Search&amp;Promote`. Many of our upcoming upgrades within the tool will support new efficiencies in data/profile integration, extended algorithm options, and campaign creation / deployment within `keyword  Recommendations`. Inherent benefits will include stronger collaboration with the other `keyword  Adobe Target` capabilities, as well as across the `keyword  Adobe Marketing Cloud`.

<table id="table_EE462DB2F87E4E2B8CC314263A53B26B"> 
 <tgroup cols="2"> 
  <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1" colwidth="1.00*" /> 
  <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2" colwidth="1.65*" /> 
  <thead> 
   <tr> 
    <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Feature </th> 
    <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
   </tr> 
  </thead> 
  <tbody> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> Mbox selection via dropdown </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> All available mboxes are listed in a menu on the <span class="keyword"> Recommendations </span> edit page. Browsing your site to find the mbox is no longer required. </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> Mbox Delivery Targeting </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p> <span class="keyword"> Recommendations </span> can be limited to show only in mboxes when certain conditions are met. These can include matching particular URL values, mbox parameter values, or profile values. These rules are reevaluated on every mbox request. With this new ability, multiple recommendations can be set up on one mbox name but displayed in different circumstances. </p> <p>For example: one recommendation can display on women's product pages by targeting the mbox to URL contains <span class="codeph"> /women/ </span> and show on men's product pages when the URL contains <span class="codeph"> /mens/ </span>, even if the same mbox name is used across all product pages. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> Improved support for multiple client environments (host group management) </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>The following improvements have been made to support multiple host group environments: </p> <p> 
      <ul id="ul_4105EF4AA2A74CE4B4E04BB3C1A9CBD5"> 
       <li id="li_B5AE4AF436B24BD49B70A7CCE68450C4">Host groups can be selected for display in reports. <p>The report for the host group that is set as the default displays unless a different host group is selected. </p></li> 
       <li id="li_9C02065130124DB98068A1AD1A67EBCF">The host group displays on the search details page. </li> 
       <li id="li_A69A77710FD24C38B88719CCC9FD49A8">Multiple host groups can be set when uploading a CSV file and when setting up a feed. </li> 
      </ul> </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> The inclusion filter has been enhanced to include a "does not match" option. </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> Data can now be included when an attribute does not match the key's attribute. </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> Multiple filter inclusion rules </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> Multiple "Include Only When" filters can be used. When more than one filter is used, the filters are combined with an <span class="codeph"> AND </span>. </td> 
   </tr> 
  </tbody> 
 </tgroup> 
</table>



## Insight
     5.5 {#insight}

See [ Insight Product Documentation ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/insight/insight_release_notes.pdf?cb=540) for the latest `keyword  Insight` release notes and documentation.

## Clickstream
     Data Feeds {#section_7A393A841D6A412CB1EFC20B58EC4538}

Not updated in this maintenance release.

See the [ Clickstream Data Feeds ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/whitepapers/clickstream/index.html) help for the latest information.

## ClickMap {#section_570E76085F81420C924E0083D0C63672}

Not updated in this maintenance release.

## Survey
     3.4 {#section_6185A0274C82423FB21A9C952DE42339}

`keyword  Survey` was not updated in this maintenance release.

For more information about `keyword  Survey`, see the [ Survey User Guide ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/survey/index.html?f=c_Release_Notes).

## SearchCenter
     4.4 {#section_159F6937E11446A78A06AC5DBEB1DE0D}

`keyword  SearchCenter` was not updated in this maintenance release.

For more information about `keyword  SearchCenter`, see the [ SearchCenter User Guide ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/scm/index.html?f=c_Release_Notes).

