---
description: Learn about the latest release and maintenance release (MR) information in the Digital Marketing Suite.
seo-description: Learn about the latest release and maintenance release (MR) information in the Digital Marketing Suite.
seo-title: Release Notes - June 21 2012
solution: Release Notes,Marketing Cloud,Analytics,Social,Target,Media Optimizer
title: Release Notes - June 21 2012
topic: Release notes
---

# Release Notes - June 21 2012

**June 21 2012**

* [ SiteCatalyst 15.3 Maintenance Release ](c_06212012.md#concept_44CB6A19929C4B16B6B729C7EDD7816A/section_14BDE606243E44BAB4DC0DC50CB82C3C)
* [ SiteCatalyst 14.9 Maintenance Release ](c_06212012.md#concept_44CB6A19929C4B16B6B729C7EDD7816A/section_7D36FB0EF1BC431198A0EF26D2AB35B5)
* [ Discover 3.0 Maintenance Release ](c_06212012.md#concept_44CB6A19929C4B16B6B729C7EDD7816A/section_EE851B49ED884A44996F712BF736DC7F)
* [ SocialAnalytics 1.2 Maintenance Release ](c_06212012.md#concept_44CB6A19929C4B16B6B729C7EDD7816A/section_B20FC71C37CA48ED9755D5863046D143)
* [ AppMeasurement ](c_06212012.md#concept_44CB6A19929C4B16B6B729C7EDD7816A/section_F16C10F20BEE488B933212DCFBD1700D)
* [ DataWarehouse ](c_06212012.md#concept_44CB6A19929C4B16B6B729C7EDD7816A/section_E5A0FF5B35114C5DA4692ABD12A0A1E7)
* [ Clickstream Data Feeds ](c_06212012.md#concept_44CB6A19929C4B16B6B729C7EDD7816A/section_69E5443C062E44949A1E85F5DCC7C207)
* [ ReportBuilder 4.3 Maintenance Release ](c_06212012.md#concept_44CB6A19929C4B16B6B729C7EDD7816A/section_732421F2C28E45B389CE37D0849A4ABF)
* [ Web Services ](c_06212012.md#concept_44CB6A19929C4B16B6B729C7EDD7816A/section_683675F9749447D5B54C5CF1A055BC55)
* [ AudienceResearch 2.3 ](c_06212012.md#concept_44CB6A19929C4B16B6B729C7EDD7816A/section_08937BE9670F4CD68E804562389CFBE1)
* [ AudienceManager 3.4 Maintenance Release ](c_06212012.md#concept_44CB6A19929C4B16B6B729C7EDD7816A/section_C8924F6F4EA346CB942A0F02B8733267)
* [ SearchCenter 4.4 ](c_06212012.md#concept_44CB6A19929C4B16B6B729C7EDD7816A/section_7DC3833E5F044DBEA14806DC876C2FCE)
* [ Test&amp;Target ](c_06212012.md#concept_44CB6A19929C4B16B6B729C7EDD7816A/section_34DD5003892D4B6584FC82A5EFE6A8BF)
* [ Genesis 3 Maintenance Release ](c_06212012.md#concept_44CB6A19929C4B16B6B729C7EDD7816A/section_7C704DB3EAFA4FDAB7443E8606D5BD54)
* [ Insight 5.5 ](c_06212012.md#concept_44CB6A19929C4B16B6B729C7EDD7816A/section_8D7CEF5A9D3F46BFADBD9123B8D94AEA)
* [ Search&amp;Promote 8.8.1 ](c_06212012.md#concept_44CB6A19929C4B16B6B729C7EDD7816A/section_C86305DABCB04366AFB10EEB015518AD)
* [ Survey 3.2 Maintenance Release ](c_06212012.md#concept_44CB6A19929C4B16B6B729C7EDD7816A/section_D708EA29C46844BFAA9C3E4F5CCDD3D3)
* [ Recommendations 2.10 ](c_06212012.md#concept_44CB6A19929C4B16B6B729C7EDD7816A/section_F97832AD0EE2432C8FA9B07BA6FBDA31)
* [ Scene7 ](c_06212012.md#concept_44CB6A19929C4B16B6B729C7EDD7816A/section_B740237653B24B43A16CCBC1B515C524)
* [ Publish ](c_06212012.md#concept_44CB6A19929C4B16B6B729C7EDD7816A/section_8F8E0490C10E46E590738E4D43BF260E)
## SiteCatalyst 15.3 Maintenance Release {#section_14BDE606243E44BAB4DC0DC50CB82C3C}

The `keyword SiteCatalyst` 15.3 maintenance release (06/21/12) includes the following enhancements and fixes:

* Added the ability to view the definition for any segment in the segmentation drop-down menu in SiteCatalyst 15. Segments that were created in SiteCatalyst 15 can be edited and deleted directly from the menu.
* Fixed an issue that cause some numeric classifications to display as 0 on reports with multiple metrics.
* Fixed an issue with segments that have an Exclude canvas that were created in `keyword Discover` and saved to a local folder. This issue caused the Exclude canvas to move to an Include canvas when the segment was displayed in `keyword SiteCatalyst`.
  *
  Fixed an issue that caused a rendering error on PDF reports that displayed the Calendar Events icon.
  
  
* Fixed an issue that prevented calculated metrics that use the Single Access metric from being shared in global calculated metric.
* Fixed an issue in Data Extracts that prevented selecting `keyword Referring Domains` when Specific was selected.
* Fixed an issue that caused the `keyword DataWarehouse` duplication feature to not work correctly in the Japanese language UI. This issue prevented the duplicated request from properly inheriting the report date of the original request.
* Fixed an issue that caused commerce breakdowns to erroneously appear on prop reports. These breakdowns no longer appear.
* Fixed an issue in trended reports that might prevent selecting pages other than the default top 5 pages.
* Classifications on all Conversion Funnels (Cart Conversion Funnel, Purchase Conversion Funnel, Custom Events Funnel, Campaign Conversion Funnel, Products Conversion Funnel, etc.) Report filter now have the parent variable appended in parentheses to make it easier to differentiate between classifications. .
  *
  Fixed an issue that caused custom `keyword Marketing Channel` Processing Rules that define `keyword SearchCenter` to be locked. After this fix only the default `keyword SearchCenter` rule is locked.
  
  
* Fixed an issue in group management in `keyword Admin Console` that caused removing a single group member to remove all members after locating the user though search.
* Fixed an issue that caused the pipe character to truncate advanced search filters. The pipe character now operates as an or match, for example *value1 | value2*.
* Fixed an issue on `keyword Flow` reports that caused totals to calculate incorrectly when crossing the SiteCatalyst 15 upgrade date.
* The `keyword Visits` and `keyword Visitors` metrics now display site-wide total when added to a Conversion report.
  *
  Fixed an issue on the `wintitle Product Views Reports` when a subrelation is applied that caused the total displayed to not match the total for the individual line items.
  
  
* The `wintitle Visitor State Report` is available in SiteCatalyst 15.
* The `wintitle Filter by IP Address` page in Admin Console now lets you filter up to 50 unique IP addresses.
## SiteCatalyst 14.9 Maintenance Release {#section_7D36FB0EF1BC431198A0EF26D2AB35B5}

The `keyword SiteCatalyst` 14.9 maintenance release (06/21/12) includes the following enhancements and fixes:

* Fixed an issue that cause some numeric classifications to display as 0 on reports with multiple metrics.
* Fixed an issue that cause shared calendar event names to display incorrectly for some multibyte languages.
* Fixed an issue in `wintitle Data Extract` that prevented selecting `keyword Referring Domains` when Specific was selected.
* Fixed an issue that caused commerce breakdowns to erroneously appear on prop reports. These breakdowns no longer appear.
* Fixed an issue in trended reports that might prevent selecting pages other than the default top 5 pages.
* Classifications on all Conversion Funnels (Cart Conversion Funnel, Purchase Conversion Funnel, Custom Events Funnel, Campaign Conversion Funnel, Products Conversion Funnel, etc.) Report filter now have the parent variable appended in parentheses to make it easier to differentiate between classifications. .
* Fixed an issue that caused custom `keyword Marketing Channel` Processing Rules that define `keyword SearchCenter` to be locked. After this fix only the default `keyword SearchCenter` rule is locked.
* Fixed an issue in group management in `keyword Admin Console` that caused removing a single group member to remove all members after locating the user though search.
## AppMeasurement {#section_F16C10F20BEE488B933212DCFBD1700D}

**JavaScript AppMeasurement**

  *
  Not updated in this maintenance release.
  
  
See [AppMeasurement Release History](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/sc/appmeasurement/release/index.html) the following for a release history of `keyword AppMeasurement` on the following platforms:

* JavaScript
* iOS
* Android
* Flash-Flex
* Windows Phone, XBOX, Sliverlight, and .NET
* BlackBerry
* Java
* PHP
* Symbian
## Discover 3.0 Maintenance Release {#section_EE851B49ED884A44996F712BF736DC7F}

The `keyword Discover` 3.0 maintenance release (06/21/12) includes the following enhancements and fixes:

* Fixed an issue where rolling dates did not retain the date range title when loaded into a project.
* Improved segment compatibility for events when saving them to the `wintitle DataWarehouse` folder.
* Added a Saving Progress indicator in the `wintitle Segment Filter Builder`. The progress indicator prevents dragging a segment from the tool panel before changes in a new segment are updated.
* Fixed an issue where all line items were displaying as `term unknown` on the `wintitle Days Before First Purchase Report`.
* Fixed an issue in `wintitle Segment Filter Builder`, where the wrong operators would display when using the Revenue metric.
* Scrubbed special characters in the copy/paste action to Excel, so that the data presented properly and did not split one row into two.
* Fixed an issue where the percentages in the `wintitle Fallthrough` panel on the `wintitle Fallout Report` were not being calculated correctly.
* Fixed an issue where some date ranges were not being calculated correctly for custom calendars.
* Fixed an issue preventing some projects from displaying for various reasons.
* Fixed an issue causing some dimension values to not be available in the tool panel.
* Fixed a layout issue in the `wintitle Fallout Report` checkpoint editor.
* Fixed an issue in the `wintitle Pages Not Found Report`, causing zero pages to be returned.
## SocialAnalytics 1.2 Maintenance Release {#section_B20FC71C37CA48ED9755D5863046D143}

The `keyword SocialAnalytics` Maintenance Release (06/21/12) includes the following fix:

* Fixed an issue that caused the `wintitle Term Log` to display an end date one day past what it should have been.
For the latest `keyword SocialAnalytics` information, see the [SocialAnalytics User Guide](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/sa/index.html#Release%20Notes).

## DataWarehouse {#section_E5A0FF5B35114C5DA4692ABD12A0A1E7}

Not updated in this maintenance release.

## Clickstream Data Feeds {#section_69E5443C062E44949A1E85F5DCC7C207}

The `keyword Clickstream Data Feeds` maintenance release (06/21/12) includes the following enhancements and fixes:

* The standard column set for new data feeds was revised to contain metrics that are more relevant to analysis. Existing data feeds are not impacted by this change.
* You can now opt to receive daily data feed data in multiple files rather than one large file. Multiple file delivery enables parallel extraction of the data and can reduce the extraction time for large data sets.
* Additional data columns are available for inclusion in your data feed.
See the [Clickstream Data Feeds](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/whitepapers/clickstream/index.html?f=c_new_features) help for more information.

## ReportBuilder 4.3 Maintenance Release {#section_732421F2C28E45B389CE37D0849A4ABF}

Not updated in this release.

For more information, see the [ReportBuilder Help System](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/arb/index.html).

## Web Services {#section_683675F9749447D5B54C5CF1A055BC55}

The `keyword Web Services` maintenance release (06/21/12) includes the following enhancements and fixes:

* Enhanced API Explorer to enable bookmarking a specific Web Services call. The call name is appended as a named anchor in the URL.
* Fixed an issue that caused the `codeph sortBy` parameter option to be ignored on `codeph Report.GetReport`.
Visit [developer.omniture.com](http://developer.omniture.com) to learn more about Web Services.

## AudienceResearch 2.3 {#section_08937BE9670F4CD68E804562389CFBE1}

The `keyword AudienceResearch` 2.3 release (06/21/12) includes the following enhancements and fixes:

* Publishers can add video metrics to their site properties. Supported metrics include:
    * Video Views
    * Video Visitors
    * Time Spent on Video
  
* Advertisers can view new video reports in total, by geography dimensions, or by technology dimensions.
For more information, see [AudienceResearch](http://audience.omniture.com/).

## AudienceManager 3.4 Maintenance Release {#section_C8924F6F4EA346CB942A0F02B8733267}

The `keyword AudienceManager` maintenance release (06/21/12) includes the following enhancements and fixes:
* **New Reports**: Interactive reports display performance and overlap data for traits and segments. These reports return data using unique visualization techniques instead of returning numbers in static columns and rows. For more information, see [Interactive Reports](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/demdex/index.html?f=c_dynamic_reports).

## SearchCenter 4.4 {#section_7DC3833E5F044DBEA14806DC876C2FCE}

This `keyword SearchCenter` 4.4 release includes the following new features and enhancements:


* **Synchronization: **The SearchCenter 4.4 release includes the following new synchronization processes:
  
    * **Incremental Data Retrieval Synchronization: **During data synchronization four times a day, if data is retrieved for an object that does not exist in `keyword SearchCenter`, an immediate individual item synchronization with the search engine automatically occurs.
    * **Change List Synchronization: **For Google accounts, `keyword SearchCenter` consumes the search engine Change History report to find changes made on the search engine since the last synchronization and automatically synchronizes data with `keyword SearchCenter`.
  
  
  *
  ** Microsoft adCenter Match Type Enhancements: **You can bid separately on each match type (broad, phrase, exact, and content), assign unique URLs, control individual statuses, and better maintain consistency with Google AdWords match types.
  
  
* **Google Product Listing Ads and Product Plus Box Extensions: ** `keyword SearchCenter` now supports reporting for Google Product Listing Ads and Product Plus Box Extensions.

This release of `keyword SearchCenter` includes the following general fixes:


* Changed the time-out value from 10 seconds to 30 seconds before requests are sent to the `wintitle Requests` tray.
* Fixed an issue that caused unreadable numbers to display in graphs.
* Fixed an issue that caused custom group metrics to change when viewed at different levels in `wintitle Management`.
* Fixed an issue that caused groups, keywords, and ads to not display when they are assigned to Test&amp;Target tests.
* Fixed an issue that prevented metric data from displaying at the ad copy level in `wintitle Management`.
* Fixed an issue that caused the bulk export feature to return incomplete data.
* Fixed an issue that caused incomplete pre-click data to be reported.
* Fixed an issue that caused keyword metrics to differ between `wintitle Management` and reporting.
* Fixed an issue that caused duplicate keywords.
* Fixed an issue that caused the last synchronization date to vary at the campaign and group levels.
* Fixed an issue that prevented users from using negative metrics in advanced filters.

This release of `keyword SearchCenter` includes the following account-specific fixes:

**Microsoft Bing**


* Fixed an issue that caused validation to incorrectly fail when synchronizing keywords.
* Fixed an issue that prevented historical data from loading into `wintitle Management`.

For more information, see the [SearchCenter User Guide](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/scm/index.html).

## Test&Target {#section_34DD5003892D4B6584FC82A5EFE6A8BF}

This maintenance release contains the following changes and bug fixes:


* Fixed an issue where characters had to be entered in their URL-encoded versions in targeting to work. Now, the unencoded characters must be entered in targeting conditions to match correctly. All existing campaign targeting criteria have been updated to use the unencoded characters.
* Users with approver and editor privileges can now access the Campaign Create API.
* The limit of 11 in-mbox profile parameters has now been extended to 50 parameters.
* Brought back the ability to select multiple success metrics. Check boxes inside the drop down let you choose which success metrics whose data you want to combine.
* Campaign names on the locations (mbox) list page now have links to take you to that campaign.
* Added Baidu as a traffic sources target.
* Fixed an issue where Ajax requests that responded with no content reloaded the page.

For the latest information, see [What's New in `keyword Test&amp;Target`](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/tnt/help/index.html#Release%20Notes).

## Genesis 3 Maintenance Release {#section_7C704DB3EAFA4FDAB7443E8606D5BD54}

This `keyword Genesis` 3 maintenance release includes the following enhancements and fixes:

* Fixed the wizards in Internet Explorer 7 that were not displaying the red asterisk indicating a required field.
* Fixed a display issue in the `uicontrol How it will appear in SiteCatalyst` fields in the `wintitle Events` group on the `wintitle Columns` tab.
* Fixed an issue preventing multiple email addresses to be entered for technical contacts.
* In the Dev Center, fixed a performance issue occurring when adding dashboards and bookmarks to products with multiple integrations.
For more information, see the [Genesis Help](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/genesis/index.html).

## Insight 5.5 {#section_8D7CEF5A9D3F46BFADBD9123B8D94AEA}

For the latest `keyword Insight` release notes and documentation, see [Insight Product Documentation](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/insight/insight_release_notes.pdf?cb=540).

## Search&Promote 8.8.1 {#section_C86305DABCB04366AFB10EEB015518AD}

Not updated in this release.

For the latest `keyword Search&amp;Promote` documentation, see [Search&amp;Promote Documentation Home](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/snp/index.html).

## Survey 3.2 Maintenance Release {#section_D708EA29C46844BFAA9C3E4F5CCDD3D3}

The `keyword Survey` Maintenance Release (06/21/12) includes the following fix:


* Fixed a network error issue caused by the `keyword Survey` module code.

For more information, see the [Survey User Guide](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/survey/index.html?f=c_Release_Notes).

## Recommendations 2.10 {#section_F97832AD0EE2432C8FA9B07BA6FBDA31}

For the latest Recommendations documentation, see [What's New in `keyword Recommendations`](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/rec/#Release Notes).

## Scene7 {#section_B740237653B24B43A16CCBC1B515C524}

For the latest `keyword Scene7` release information, [Scene7 Publishing System Release Notes](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/s7/release_notes/).

## Publish {#section_8F8E0490C10E46E590738E4D43BF260E}

For the latest `keyword Publish` release information, see the [Publish Release Notes](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/publish/publish_whatsnew.pdf).

