---
description: Learn about the latest release and maintenance release (MR) information in the Marketing Cloud.
seo-description: Learn about the latest release and maintenance release (MR) information in the Marketing Cloud.
seo-title: Release Notes - July 2011
solution: Release Notes,Marketing Cloud,Analytics,Social,Target,Media Optimizer
title: Release Notes - July 2011
topic: Release notes
---

# Release Notes - July 2011

## July 26 2011 {#section_2DD8865E6FE640CC8EFE7653B67C5ADB}

**Mobile Device Identification Update**
* Updated method to detect mobile devices.
* improved detection of Android and Windows Phone 7 devices.

## July 14 2011 - Product and Maintenance Release {#section_F8EDCC59E2784C448DC56C7CEF10E268}


* [ SiteCatalyst 15 ](c_072011.md#concept_5DD3A43075B641BC83072AE13161CF70/section_6C3387BB53974C1D9CF8038BDA6DDD3E)
* [ SiteCatalyst 14.9 ](c_072011.md#concept_5DD3A43075B641BC83072AE13161CF70/section_A65ABEAFDA1A47FEB8838253913B26A0)
* [ DataWarehouse ](c_072011.md#concept_5DD3A43075B641BC83072AE13161CF70/section_103B99422219443A87B41786286DE6E0)
* [ AppMeasurement Libraries ](c_072011.md#concept_5DD3A43075B641BC83072AE13161CF70/section_AC588C7BD0A340D9AD5F8EAFE5B4C830)
* [ SearchCenter 4.0 ](c_072011.md#concept_5DD3A43075B641BC83072AE13161CF70/section_C10C8299CDA0493B8AE9AD02DBE890A9)
* [ Discover 2.96 Maintenance Release ](c_072011.md#concept_5DD3A43075B641BC83072AE13161CF70/section_04769C133C8C42FC9F4227F2A4FE44FD)
* [ Test&amp;Target 2.9 ](c_072011.md#concept_5DD3A43075B641BC83072AE13161CF70/section_C8E2574892194CCE9C75CC76309AE635)
* [ Genesis ](c_072011.md#concept_5DD3A43075B641BC83072AE13161CF70/section_32874C0639BD4FF3BD9F21F16FCB5A9E)
* [ Insight 5.4 ](c_072011.md#concept_5DD3A43075B641BC83072AE13161CF70/section_522393774D814F699D111869C32F9731)
* [ Search&amp;Promote 8.5.3 ](c_072011.md#concept_5DD3A43075B641BC83072AE13161CF70/section_88AF1DCD5B084FF5941F45CFA40A8006)
* [ Survey 3.0 ](c_072011.md#concept_5DD3A43075B641BC83072AE13161CF70/section_89B4076CA17047DCB91D6FD7A80FF1FC)
* [ Recommendations ](c_072011.md#concept_5DD3A43075B641BC83072AE13161CF70/section_808AF107D9F8426ABDDBB6365142D046)
* [ DigitalPulse 1.6 ](c_072011.md#concept_5DD3A43075B641BC83072AE13161CF70/section_D267E448AC634477986B8B283AE32FEC)
* [ Scene7 Version 4.3.4 ](c_072011.md#concept_5DD3A43075B641BC83072AE13161CF70/section_023E8BBD6AF84E2290AE6EDA50F027A9)
* [ Publish ](c_072011.md#concept_5DD3A43075B641BC83072AE13161CF70/section_6A6B3012C52B4A8C84A2D90ACB83B996)

## SiteCatalyst 15 {#section_6C3387BB53974C1D9CF8038BDA6DDD3E}


* Added Google+ as a `keyword Social Referrer Type`.
* Added Google+ to the list of social domains in `wintitle Marketing Channel Processing Rules`. If you already setup `keyword Marketing Channel` rules for social referrers, add `filepath plus.google.com` to the list of social domains.
* Fixed issue on trended reports, where certain precalculated metrics, like `keyword Average Time Spent`, were not properly trending.
* Fixed an "Unable to retrieve reportlet" issue that caused certain reportlets to return no data.
* Fixed an error occurring on certain reportlets when you launched the full report from the reportlet.
* Fixed certain reportlets that displayed the error "There is no data for the selected criteria," even when the data was properly configured and displaying in the full report.
* Fixed an issue that prevented newly created report suites from processing in version 15.
* Fixed a JavaScript error causing certain dashboards to improperly load.
* On the `wintitle Next Page Flow Report`, we fixed an issue in the graph causing the percent value to display without the corresponding value.
* On the `wintitle Key Metrics Report`, we removed hour granularity when applying the Visits metric. `term Visits` is currently not supported with hourly granularity.
* On the `wintitle Return Visits Report`, we fixed a date range issue caused by using `uicontrol Weekly` granularity with a `uicontrol Month` date range. The final week was not displaying data.
* In scheduled reports, we fixed a rolling date problem occurring when you add a reportlet with a preset date.
* Fixed an issue causing a segment mismatch between `keyword Discover` and `keyword SiteCatalyst`.
* In the trended view of the `wintitle Referring Domains Report`, we fixed an issue causing the `uicontrol Typed/Bookmarked` line item to display multiple times, when it should display once.
* Fixed a segment issue where segment edit options were not displaying if `keyword DataWarehouse` was not enabled.
* Fixed an encoding issue displaying in reportlet notes in downloaded dashboards.
* Fixed an issue related to single sign-on that prevented non administrative users from logging in version 15.
* In CSV reports, we fixed an escape issue for text with quotation marks, which caused the cell to not properly display data.
* Updated the lookup table to properly locate Newfoundland as a region.
* Fixed an Excel rendering error for `keyword Page Flow` reports in the tabular view.
* `term Page Views` and `term Instances` in Custom Traffic (prop) reports: In version 14, Custom Traffic reports displayed `term Instances` as `term Page Views`. In version 15, we added the Instances metric to Custom Traffic reports. Now, Page Views reflects the number of page views where a property variable is set. The Instances metric represents the number of times the variable is set, whether on link clicks, video views, page views, or other server calls.

**Referrer Type Changes**

We changed the Referrer Type logic to match other traffic sources reports (such as Referrers and Referring Domains). This change should reduce or eliminate the occurrences of the `uicontrol Inside Your Site` and `uicontrol No JavaScript` line items in the `wintitle Referrer Type Report`.

**Customer Loyalty Changes**

The Customer Loyalty report displays purchasing patterns of customers based on three categories of loyalty:

* New Customer
* Return Customer
* Loyal Customer
Although non-purchase metrics are viewable in this report (such as custom events, shopping cart events, and so on), the categories are always based on the number of orders placed. For example, a visitor might add a custom event named Internal Searches to the report. The Return Customer line item would show the number of internal searches performed by visitors who have made two purchases previously, not the number of visitors who have made two internal searches.

The July 14 2011 logic change to Customer Loyalty aligns `keyword SiteCatalyst` 15 processing with `keyword Discover`2.96.

The following table defines how SiteCatalyst 14 currently processes Customer Loyalty:

<table id="table_CE514E3551004EDF9B3DCBC3F9EECC7D"> 
 <tgroup cols="2"> 
  <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1" colwidth="*" /> 
  <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2" colwidth="*" /> 
  <thead> 
   <tr> 
    <th namest="col1" nameend="col2" class="entry"> <span class="keyword">SiteCatalyst</span> 14 Customer Loyalty (Current) </th> 
   </tr> 
  </thead> 
  <tbody> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1">New Customer </td> 
    <td colname="col2">0 purchases </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1">Return Customer </td> 
    <td colname="col2">1 purchase </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1">Loyal Customer </td> 
    <td colname="col2">&gt;1 purchase </td> 
   </tr> 
  </tbody> 
 </tgroup> 
</table>

The loyalty state changes immediately following the purchase event within the same visit. For example, a New Customer (0 purchases) makes a purchase and then registers for a newsletter after that purchase within the same visit. The newsletter registration event is considered a Return Customer interaction, because the visitor's customer loyalty state changed immediately after the purchase occurred.

The following table defines how `keyword SiteCatalyst` 15 processes Customer Loyalty:

<table id="table_5FA9813FA5AE4125BB1968D693C12049"> 
 <tgroup cols="2"> 
  <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1" colwidth="*" /> 
  <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2" colwidth="*" /> 
  <thead> 
   <tr> 
    <th namest="col1" nameend="col2" class="entry"> <span class="keyword">SiteCatalyst</span> 15 Customer Loyalty (New) </th> 
   </tr> 
  </thead> 
  <tbody> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1">New Customer </td> 
    <td colname="col2">0 purchases </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1">Return Customer </td> 
    <td colname="col2">1 purchase </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1">Loyal Customer </td> 
    <td colname="col2">&gt;1 purchase </td> 
   </tr> 
  </tbody> 
 </tgroup> 
</table>

The loyalty state changes after the end of the visit where a purchase event occurs. For example, a New Customer (0 purchases) makes a purchase and then registers for a newsletter after that purchase within the same visit. The newsletter registration event is still considered a New Customer interaction, because the visitor's Customer Loyalty state will not change until the next visit.

**Related Information**


* [SiteCatalyst 15 Feature Overview](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/sc/overview/SiteCatalyst_15_Feature_Overview.pdf)
* [SiteCatalyst 15 Upgrade Guide](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/sc/upgrade/SiteCatalyst_15_Upgrade.pdf)

## SiteCatalyst 14.9 {#section_A65ABEAFDA1A47FEB8838253913B26A0}


* Reverted changes to Single Sign-On v.1 made in the last maintenance release, which prevented clients from logging in.
* Fixed an issue causing the SAINT export to fail for specific clients using a high volume of classifications.
* Updated the lookup table to properly locate Newfoundland as a region.
* Fixed a JavaScript error in `keyword ExcelClient`, specific to Internet Explorer 9.
* `keyword ClickMap` is now compatible with Firefox 5.

## DataWarehouse {#section_103B99422219443A87B41786286DE6E0}


* Resolved an issue with the `keyword DataWarehouse` API, where erroneous UTF8 byte order marks were included in SOAP/JSON RPC requests.
* Resolved an issue with the `keyword DataWarehouse` API, where requesting fields such as `term ?browser` would return ID numbers rather than the string values of the field.
* Resolved an issue with the `keyword DataWarehouse` API, where the `varname CheckRequestStatus` function would fail if the delivery method specified was FTP or email.
* Added an option in the `keyword DataWarehouse` API WSDL that allows you to create a segment via the API but not display the segment in the `keyword DataWarehouse` interface.
* Resolved an issue where the `term contains at least one of` and `term contains all of` segment operators in `keyword DataWarehouse` were not working properly in certain situations.
* Resolved an issue where `keyword DataWarehouse` breakdowns on classifications reported incorrectly when applying a visit-based segment.
* Resolved an issue where `keyword DataWarehouse` requests that include both a list property and a classification of that list property were failing.
* Resolved an issue where custom links, download links, and exit links were not reporting correctly in `keyword DataWarehouse`.
* Resolved an issue where the `uicontrol Days Before First Purchase` breakdown in `keyword DataWarehouse` reported spurious data in certain situations.
* Resolved an issue where duplicate rows of data were sometimes showing up in `keyword DataWarehouse` reports.
* Resolved an issue where visit-based segments on classifications of product and category were not working.
* Resolved an issue where eVar fields were reporting incorrect data in certain data feeds created by Engineering Services.
* Improved the information shown in the `uicontrol Status Description` field displayed in the `wintitle DataWarehouse Request Detail` pane in the `keyword DataWarehouse` interface.
* Improved scheduling algorithms. The result is that many `keyword DataWarehouse` jobs will start processing earlier after midnight.
* Resolved an issue where VISTA processing on the product list variable was not functioning properly.
* Resolved an issue where certain complex `keyword DataWarehouse` requests with a high number of unique value combinations and many columns would fail.

## AppMeasurement Libraries {#section_AC588C7BD0A340D9AD5F8EAFE5B4C830}

**JavaScript - H.23.3**

* Fixed an issue that prevented the video tracking (pev3) variable from being sent.
## SearchCenter 4.0 {#section_C10C8299CDA0493B8AE9AD02DBE890A9}

New features and enhancements:


* **Redesigned User Interface:** The new interface makes `keyword SearchCenter` easier to use by organizing options into sensible groupings and optimizing task workflow. Metrics in `wintitle Management` columns are now grouped by type (organic vs paid) and reports are grouped by function (hierarchy vs. standard).
* **Increased Speed and Performance: **This release contains many speed and performance enhancements, particularly in the bulk import/export process and in reporting. Speed and performance enhancements include faster ad bulk-sheet validation for Microsoft Bing accounts, caching of `wintitle Management` views, and more.
* **Advanced Filter: **Use the `wintitle Advanced Filter` option to filter items in the data pane. You can now filter based on attributes and performance metrics (previously, you could only filter based on attributes). As part of the new filtering, you can now filter by ad platform. This lets you filter across an entire ad platform (for example, show me All Google), rather than on a single account (as in prior releases).
* **Find &amp; Replace: **Use the `wintitle Find &amp; Replace` feature to search for and change attributes. For example, you could create a string to change the destination URL for all ads across all ad campaigns at the same time.
* **Formulaic Bid Change: **Use the `wintitle Formulaic Bid Change` feature to change bids by a specified amount or percentage. For example, you could create a formula to increase bids for all keywords with a quality score greater than 7 by 30 percent.
* **Bookmarks: **Set bookmarks for quick access to the views you use most.
* **Breadcrumbs: **Interactive breadcrumb trails at the top of `keyword SearchCenter` provide context as to where you are in the interface. You can also use the breadcrumbs to move up one level in the hierarchy, move laterally across a hierarchy level (for example, moving from one campaign to another campaign), and access the `wintitle Advanced Filter` tool.
* **Google Sitelinks Ad Extensions: ** `keyword SearchCenter` lets you create and manage `keyword Google` sitelink ad extensions. Sitelinks help users navigate your site and to learn more about special offers.
* **Inline Editing of Campaign and Ad Group Names:** Users can now edit the name of campaigns and ad groups from within `keyword SearchCenter`.
* **Character Counter for Text Ad Fields: **When creating new ads, as users type text into the `wintitle Title` and `wintitle Description` text boxes, `keyword SearchCenter` displays a visible character count to help users ensure that they do not exceed the character limit.
* **Keyword Reports:** The `wintitle Keywords` and `wintitle Keyword Hierarchy` reports now contain match-type data. As a result, the `wintitle Keyword Match Type` and `wintitle Keyword Match Type Hierarchy` reports have been removed.
* **Inventory Management:** (Originally introduced in the `keyword SearchCenter` 3.8 Maintenance Release dated 06/02/11) Automatically activate and deactivate keywords for products as they come in and out of stock.

This release of SearchCenter includes the following functionality changes:


* **Deprecated Search Engines:** With the `keyword SearchCenter` 4.0 release, you can no longer create new accounts for the following search engines: Miva, LookSmart, and Marchex (Enhance). You can still manage existing accounts for these search engines, but you cannot create new accounts.
* **TrueClick:** `wintitle TrueClick` is no longer included in `keyword SearchCenter`.
* **Google Enhanced Match-Type Reporting: **The Google enhanced match-type functionality has been removed from `keyword SearchCenter`. Going forward, Google match-type reporting functions the same way as for other ad platforms.

This release of `keyword SearchCenter` includes the following general fixes:


* Fixed an issue that caused columns added to the `keyword SearchCenter` data pane using the `wintitle Customize Columns` feature to not be saved.
* Fixed an issue that caused an "unable to retrieve data" error when scrolling down a large list of keywords in the data pane.
* Fixed an issue that caused an "unable to retrieve data" error when sorting on a newly added `wintitle Currency` column on the `wintitle Campaigns` management page.
* Fixed an issue that caused bid rule changes to not save.
* Fixed an issue that caused a time-out error when sorting keywords by impressions.
* Fixed an issue that sometimes prevented proper sorting of columns in management data panes.
* Changed the way the percent sign (%) displays in the ROAS column (if it is set to display by percentage). The percent sign displays whether or not the column contains data.
* Fixed an issue that prevented some classification errors from being reported and alerts from being sent.
* Fixed an issue that caused keyword hierarchy reports to time out when sorted by calculated metrics.
* Fixed an issue that prevented pre-click data at the keyword level from displaying in the management data pane, even though the data was accurately reflected in reports.
* Fixed an issue that prevented keyword level data from displaying. The campaign and group levels contained keyword data, but no metrics displayed when drilling down to the keyword level.
* Fixed an issue that caused the names for image ads to not display in each row in reports, even though the data appeared correctly next to the empty rows.
* Fixed a defect that caused extra spaces within classification items to cause data to shift to the incorrect column after downloading reports and opening them in Excel.
* Fixed an issue that prevented the bid-rule management page from fully loading in Chrome browsers.
* Fixed an issue when editing or changing the bid-rule assignments for a large number of keywords (more than 1,000) from processing in a timely manner.
* Fixed an issue that prevented bid-rule assignments from taking effect after importing a bulk file.
* Fixed an issue that caused bid rules with day parting applied to stop running.
* Fixed an issue that caused pre-click data with "None" displayed in reports to persist after importing the campaigns with data.
* Fixed an issue that caused bulk imports to fail (with a "file size cannot exceed 50MB" error message) if the file contains extra columns that `keyword SearchCenter` does not recognize. These extra columns could be added by users for comments and additional information. `keyword SearchCenter` now correctly parses the file and ignores these extra columns when performing the bulk import.
* Fixed an issue that caused erroneous "file handling error" and "invalid search engine accounts" email alert messages to be sent to users after performing a bulk import.
* Fixed an issue that prevented text added using the `wintitle Description` text box when performing a bulk import from being later removed after validating the file. When the user confirmed the import, the descriptive text persisted.
* Fixed an issue that caused `keyword SearchCenter` to duplicate quotation marks in keywords after performing a bulk import (from " to "").
* Fixed an issue where keywords with accents returned errors when using bulk import.
* Fixed an issue that caused data in a bulk-export file to not accurately reflect conditions set in an advanced filter prior to exporting the file.
* Fixed an issue that prevented newly added keywords in uploaded files from processing, even though deleted keywords processed correctly.
* Fixed an issue that caused some campaigns to not display after applying an event-history filter, even though those campaigns should have not been filtered out.
* Fixed an issue that caused `keyword SiteCatalyst` dashboards to not include data, even though the report used for the dashboard contains data.
* Updated the error message that displays when users attempt to create an ad that contains too many characters in the title or description. The error message now indicates which element, the title or description, contains more than the allowed number of characters. In addition, as users type text into the `wintitle Title` and `wintitle Description` text boxes, `keyword SearchCenter` displays a visible character count to help users ensure that they do not exceed the character limit.
* Added inline editing of ad titles. Previously, you could edit the two description lines, but you could not edit the ad title.
* Added an error message that displays when users attempt to add keywords that already exist.
* Fixed an issue that caused some error messages to display incorrectly in `keyword SearchCenter` (in the wrong position on the page).
* Fixed an issue that caused a fatal error when users attempted to activate Yahoo, Bing, or Baidu accounts using invalid credentials.
* Fixed a defect that caused `keyword SearchCenter` to incorrectly classify tracking codes and placements.

This release of `keyword SearchCenter` includes the following account-specific fixes:

**Baidu**


* Fixed the validation criteria used when users create text ads for Baidu accounts. The maximum length of text in ad titles and descriptions are 50 bytes and 80 bytes, respectively. Error message text has also been updated to reflect the maximum length of these element.
* Made the`wintitle  Description 2` field optional. In previous releases, this field was optional, but `keyword SearchCenter` erroneously considered it mandatory.

**Facebook**


* Fixed an issue that caused incorrect error messages to display when the creation of a Facebook ad failed.
* Fixed an issue that prevented the `keyword Omniture` tracking code from being appended to Facebook ads, causing the Destination URL update actions to remain in process.
* Fixed an issue when Facebook ads created in `keyword SearchCenter` did not get created within Facebook.

**Google**


* Fixed an issue that caused keywords in a Google account that contain the broad-match identifier (+) to be classified incorrectly.

**Microsoft**


* Fixed an issue that inserted extra keyword update actions in the event log after synchronizing a bulk upload with an adCenter account.
* Fixed an issue that prevented the import function from working properly with an automated adCenter campaign.
* Fixed an issue that caused hidden keywords to be exported when performing a bulk export from an adCenter account.
* Fixed an issue that prevented a customer's Microsoft Bing account from being activated. The customer received an "unable to get currency for this account" error message.
* Fixed an issue that caused all campaigns in a Microsoft Bing account to be duplicated after synchronization.

**Yahoo**


* Fixed an issue that prevented the event history log from accurately reflecting changes made when editing the details of a campaign.
* Fixed an issue that caused data discrepancies for click and impression counts for Yahoo accounts.
* Fixed an issue that caused two Yahoo accounts to display in reports, even though only one account exists.

See the [SearchCenter User Guide](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/scm/) for more information.

## Discover 2.96 Maintenance Release {#section_04769C133C8C42FC9F4227F2A4FE44FD}


* Added an `term Unknown` dimension line item for browser widths and heights that could not be calculated and were previously displayed in the 0 - 100 line item.
* Transaction Data Sources: Fixed visit deduplication logic so that deduplication occurs regardless of the selected time period.
* Fixed a project save issue that was causing projects to save without the workspace.
* Fixed a timeout problem that was issuing errors 103 and 321.
* Improved `uicontrol Count Page Reloads` accuracy for segmented data.
* Fixed an issue that caused `wintitle Custom Traffic` report menus to display improperly when using the default names.
* Fixed an issue causing the `wintitle Fallout Report` to hang when a workspace segment was applied.

**Related Information**


* [What's New in Discover](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/dsc/whatsnew/oms_discover_whatsnew.pdf) (for previous release information)
* [Discover User Guide](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/dsc/current/oms_discover_current.pdf)

## Test&Target 2.9 {#section_C8E2574892194CCE9C75CC76309AE635}

**New Features**


  *
  New version of the `wintitle Performance Report API` for `keyword Test&amp;Target`.
  
  The format has been improved to make it easier to write scripts to traverse the API response and gather the data. Also, in the old version, revenue data is only available for the final conversion point on the campaign. This new format shows sales data available for all steps in the campaign, not just the final conversion point. It also shows engagement data per step instead of grouped at the end. Those are the only changes in the actual data included in the response. For more information, see the Developer Connection.
  
  
  *
  1:1 campaigns that work for Flash display ads.
  
  The set of elements to deliver in a display ad is optimized based on 1:1 modeling.
  
  

See the [Test&amp;Target](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/tnt/help/) help system for more information.

**Bug Fixes and Smaller Improvements**


* Fixed an issue where the editor couldn't move an offer to a different folder.
* New ideas show in the news feed.
* New `uicontrol Launchpad` widget shows `keyword SiteCatalyst` data.
* 1:1 supports multi-value offers
* Fixed an issue where default values for token replace did not work in Flash requests.
* Click from Display boxes are available for specific mboxes.
* Modeling groups are exposed as a token.
* Expression targets are ordered alphabetically in the target and segment widget.
* Increased the limit of eVars and properties in the `keyword SiteCatalyst` plugin to 75.
* Fixed an issue where profile attribute name validation didn't work.
* Fixed an issue where the campaign spotlight showed "undefined" experiences.
* Fixed an issue where the campaign summary CSV report showed the visits to entry step instead of visits to campaign.
* Fixed an Ajax error during offer creation.
* Turned on "mobile targeting" permission for all clients.
* You can now track clicks from a specific mbox, instead of all display mboxes in an experience.

## Genesis {#section_32874C0639BD4FF3BD9F21F16FCB5A9E}

* Conductor Organic Metrics (Search Marketing Optimization) integration released
* Lithium 2.0 (Social Media) integration available in Beta
* Gigya (Social Media) integration available in Beta
## Insight 5.4 {#section_522393774D814F699D111869C32F9731}

For the latest `keyword Insight` release information, see [Insight Product Documentation](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/insight/insight_release_notes.pdf?cb=540).

## Search&Promote 8.5.3 {#section_88AF1DCD5B084FF5941F45CFA40A8006}


* When you add a facet (`uicontrol Design` &gt; `uicontrol Navigation` &gt; `uicontrol Facets` &gt; `uicontrol Add New Facet`), the `wintitle Behavior` drop-down list now includes the options `uicontrol Category` and `uicontrol Category Multi-Select`.
  When you select either of these options, the `wintitle Facet's Parents` text field appears to let you specify a comma-delimited list of associated parent facets.
  
  
* Added the Presentation template tag . This tag lets you check if a specified facet has any values at all. You can use it to show another facet instead of an empty one.
  See `uicontrol Help` &gt; `uicontrol Search&amp;Promote` &gt; `uicontrol Reference` &gt; `uicontrol Presentation Template Tag Reference`.
  
  
* New actionable `wintitle SiteCatalyst Terms Report`.
* Added ability to copy an existing business rule. On the product menu, click `uicontrol Rules` &gt; `uicontrol Business Rules`. On the `wintitle Business Rules` page, click the drop-down list next to the business rule name, and then click `uicontrol Copy rule`.

## Survey 3.0 {#section_89B4076CA17047DCB91D6FD7A80FF1FC}


* Fixed an issue that prevented Invitation pages from displaying.
* Fixed an issue that caused labels in value-grid questions to be reversed.
* Fixed an issue that caused `keyword Survey` to incorrectly detect a JavaScript function in question text where HTML is enabled. Certain words (such as "link," "javascript," and several foreign words) are now correctly handled.
* Fixed an issue that prevented users from removing launch conditions from a survey.
* Blank survey names (" ") are no longer allowed.
* When creating a branch to a new page, the new page is automatically named after the question and answer.
* Fixed an issue that caused the alternate row highlighting to display incorrectly after randomizing the options in a value-grid question.
* Fixed an issue that prevented a scale size of 11 for value-grid questions from saving (the scale size reverted back 7).
* Fixed an issue so that the time zone displayed on free-text reports respects the time zone set on the report suite.
* Fixed an issue that caused a `wintitle Custom Window Position` setting of 0,0 to not save (the Window Position setting reverted back to the Default position type.

See the [Survey User Guide](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/survey/index.html?f=c_Release_Notes) for more information.

## Recommendations {#section_808AF107D9F8426ABDDBB6365142D046}

`keyword Recommendations` was not updated in this release. For the latest release information, see the [Recommendations - What's New](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/rec/Recommendations.html#What's%20New%20In%20This%20Release) page.

## DigitalPulse 1.6 {#section_D267E448AC634477986B8B283AE32FEC}

* Page header and left navigation menu are updated to match the `keyword SiteCatalyst` 15 look and feel.
* A Help link at the top of the page lets you download the DP User Guide.
* The ability to return to the suite or switch to other products from `keyword DigitalPulse` is restored.
* Fixed an issue in `wintitle Form Definitions` where filling in a regular expression for an `uicontrol Action URL` would sometimes cause the form entry to be deleted.
## Scene7 Version 4.3.4 {#section_023E8BBD6AF84E2290AE6EDA50F027A9}


* Added mobile Spin Viewer for iPhone and iPad.
* Added support for `varname infopanels` to DHTML, mobile Brochure viewer.
* Added support for `varname loadProduct`, `varname loadProductPW` and `varname loadProductCW` to DHTML, mobile Brochure viewer.
* Added support to set initial frame for the DHTML, mobile Brochure viewer.
* Improved usability of the DHTML, mobile Brochure viewer.
* Fixed PAGE event incorrectly displaying Japanese characters on `keyword SiteCatalyst`.
* Implemented workaround for `wintitle Flyout` viewer distortion on IE9.
* Fixed DHTML mobile Brochure viewer to send `keyword SiteCatalyst` data only when `codeph config2` parameter present.
* Improved swipe and flick support for DHTML mobile `wintitle Brochure` and `wintitle Zoom` viewers.

For more information, see [Scene7 Viewers Release Notes](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/s7/release_notes/index.html).

## Publish {#section_6A6B3012C52B4A8C84A2D90ACB83B996}

For the latest `keyword Publish` release information, see the [Publish Release Notes](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/publish/publish_whatsnew.pdf).

