---
description: Learn about the latest release and maintenance release (MR) information in the Digital Marketing Suite.
seo-description: Learn about the latest release and maintenance release (MR) information in the Digital Marketing Suite.
seo-title: Release Notes - August 16 2012
solution: Release Notes,Marketing Cloud,Analytics,Social,Target,Media Optimizer
title: Release Notes - August 16 2012
topic: Release notes
---

# Release Notes - August 16 2012

**August 16 2012**

* [SiteCatalyst 15.4 Maintenance Release](c_08162012.md#concept_29D9A9D73AE148C6956C21EE0DC4C3E6/section_60324472228B4947873C5B8D5C4ECCD3)
* [SiteCatalyst 14.9 Maintenance Release](c_08162012.md#concept_29D9A9D73AE148C6956C21EE0DC4C3E6/section_B2C8AB13C6174A9D866BEE4A89B7E8CF)
* [AppMeasurement](c_08162012.md#concept_29D9A9D73AE148C6956C21EE0DC4C3E6/section_D4A86AD46EA04B2AB4486B5AD9F57532)
* [Discover 3.0 Maintenance Release](c_08162012.md#concept_29D9A9D73AE148C6956C21EE0DC4C3E6/section_EE13F2321C084E51AC5D7723A7EF950A)
* [SocialAnalytics 1.2 Maintenance Release](c_08162012.md#concept_29D9A9D73AE148C6956C21EE0DC4C3E6/section_7A1AA8880AD540E89BAFADA679F949E8)
* [DataWarehouse](c_08162012.md#concept_29D9A9D73AE148C6956C21EE0DC4C3E6/section_61FAEB4A3C0A4D0BAF798B82F3B2B86E)
* [Clickstream Data Feeds](c_08162012.md#concept_29D9A9D73AE148C6956C21EE0DC4C3E6/section_A4988E1444EE443990FC57FE30362F8C)
* [ReportBuilder 4.3 Maintenance Release](c_08162012.md#concept_29D9A9D73AE148C6956C21EE0DC4C3E6/section_109F7BE30B8D4640AE6E5AACDCAB5ADF)
* [Web Services](c_08162012.md#concept_29D9A9D73AE148C6956C21EE0DC4C3E6/section_E1FAF9B789B9405B874905ADE8D9B2FE)
* [AudienceResearch 2.5](c_08162012.md#concept_29D9A9D73AE148C6956C21EE0DC4C3E6/section_502F4F4A5E6446E2934B9D1C83CA702F)
* [AudienceManager 3.5 Maintenance Release](c_08162012.md#concept_29D9A9D73AE148C6956C21EE0DC4C3E6/section_7749550F754647E792AF76B35530AF4B)
* [SearchCenter Maintenance Release](c_08162012.md#concept_29D9A9D73AE148C6956C21EE0DC4C3E6/section_6A1C4CEFB4624146941A33CC4B61574E)
* [Test&amp;Target](c_08162012.md#concept_29D9A9D73AE148C6956C21EE0DC4C3E6/section_87E9C171991447388F084A6AEC6D07CE)
* [Genesis 3 Maintenance Release](c_08162012.md#concept_29D9A9D73AE148C6956C21EE0DC4C3E6/section_C0A6F2E3D17E406ABDF1191A0FD70E40)
* [Insight 5.5](c_08162012.md#concept_29D9A9D73AE148C6956C21EE0DC4C3E6/section_2333EDD54118449BA95E866EF173C670)
* [Search&amp;Promote 8.9.1](c_08162012.md#concept_29D9A9D73AE148C6956C21EE0DC4C3E6/section_42C5A2F1EA2A40CDB0AB0053F592DA46)
* [Survey 3.2 Maintenance Release](c_08162012.md#concept_29D9A9D73AE148C6956C21EE0DC4C3E6/section_BEC9645772894980966E9767B3A6BCCA)
* [Recommendations 2.10](c_08162012.md#concept_29D9A9D73AE148C6956C21EE0DC4C3E6/section_6F960222C11740A297D0B14A29571B1F)
* [Scene7](c_08162012.md#concept_29D9A9D73AE148C6956C21EE0DC4C3E6/section_F12BE202E73C411F8F0368348A7889C0)
* [Publish](c_08162012.md#concept_29D9A9D73AE148C6956C21EE0DC4C3E6/section_59467B8AB6764CE68995814716BADEC5)
## SiteCatalyst 15.4 Maintenance Release {#section_60324472228B4947873C5B8D5C4ECCD3}

The `keyword SiteCatalyst` 15.4 maintenance release (08/16/12) includes the following enhancements and fixes:

**Fixes**

* Fixed an issue that caused the `wintitle Exits Report` to not show data after the `keyword SiteCatalyst` 15 upgrade date.
* Fixed an issue that prevented `keyword Discover` shared segments that were created before `keyword Discover` 3.0 from being displayed in `keyword SiteCatalyst`.
* Fixed an issue that caused trended reports on report suites that have a custom calendar to display an incorrect graph. The data returned was displayed correctly.
* Fixed an issue that caused users to be logged out after visiting Admin &gt; Billing.
* Fixed an issue that caused `keyword Admin Console` to display incorrect event numbers for Merchandising binding events when using events 51-100.
* Fixed an issue in the `wintitle Marketing Channels Overview Report` when a custom event is selected that caused the First and Last Touch channel detail values to appear the same.
* Changed how linearly allocated metrics in subrelated reports are calculated to match `keyword SiteCatalyst` 14 processing methods.
* Fixed an issue that prevented the `wintitle Key Metrics Report` from showing Page Views when a single day was selected.
* Fixed an issue that caused instances and visits to have the same value in `keyword Test&amp;Target` Campaigns.
* Fixed an issue in `keyword ReportBuilder` and `keyword ExcelClient` that caused the breakdown of the `wintitle Mobile Device Type Report` by the `wintitle Mobile OS Report` to show data for only the first line.
* Fixed an issue that prevented the `wintitle Mobile OS Report` from being displayed in breakdown menu
* Changed the event name on correlation reports to "instances" instead of "page views" to match the actual metric being reported.
* Fixed an issue that caused breaking down a single Referrer Type by `wintitle Referring Domains Report` to return the full `wintitle Referring Domains Report`.
* Fixed an issue that caused the `wintitle Video Overview Report` to perform currency conversion on counter events when the `uicontrol Use report suite's default currency` option is disabled.
* Fixed an issue in `keyword Data Extracts``wintitle Advanced Delivery Options` that caused the current month to be selected even when a different month is selected.
* Fixed an issue on the `wintitle Full Paths Report` that caused the `uicontrol Entry Page` and `uicontrol Paths containing` filters to not apply. Data was shown correctly when `uicontrol Entire Site` was selected.
* Fixed an issue when the `keyword SiteCatalyst` widget was configured with a `wintitle Fallout` chart that caused the image to not initially appear when the widget is first loaded.
## SiteCatalyst 14.9 Maintenance Release {#section_B2C8AB13C6174A9D866BEE4A89B7E8CF}

The `keyword SiteCatalyst` 14.9 maintenance release (08/16/12) includes the following enhancements and fixes:

**Fixes:**

* Fixed an issue that caused data to not appear on some pages of a multi-page `wintitle ClickMap Report`.
* Fixed an issue that prevented the `wintitle Mobile OS Report` from being broken by other reports.
* Fixed an issue in `keyword Data Extracts``wintitle Advanced Delivery Options` that caused the current month to be selected even when a different month is selected.
* Fixed an issue when the `keyword SiteCatalyst` widget was configured with a `wintitle Fallout` chart that caused the image to not initially appear when the widget is first loaded.
## AppMeasurement {#section_D4A86AD46EA04B2AB4486B5AD9F57532}

**JavaScript AppMeasurement**

* No updates in this release.
**Windows 8 AppMeasurement Beta**

A public beta of [Windows 8 AppMeasurement](https://developer.omniture.com/en_US/gallery/beta-digital-marketing-for-windows-8-apps-sitecatalyst) is now available on Developer Connection.

**iOS AppMeasurement 3 and Android AppMeasurement 3 Released**

New versions of the [iOS and Android libraries](https://developer.omniture.com/en_US/devcenter/mobile/show) are now available on Developer Connection. Key features of these releases include:

* Streamlined implementation using `keyword SiteCatalyst` v15 Processing Rules
* Automatic navigation tracking
* Automatic metric collection using context data
>[!NOTE]
>
>The iOS and Android libraries in Code Manager are currently the 2.x versions, which are still supported. Visit the[Download Mobile SDKs](https://developer.omniture.com/en_US/devcenter/mobile/show) page on Developer Connection for a link to the version 3 libraries.
**AppMeasurement for Other Platforms**

See [AppMeasurement Release History](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/sc/appmeasurement/release/index.html) the following for a release history of `keyword AppMeasurement` on the following platforms:

* JavaScript
* iOS
* Android
* Flash-Flex
* Windows Phone, XBOX, Sliverlight, and .NET
* BlackBerry
* Java
* PHP
* Symbian
## Discover 3.0 Maintenance Release {#section_EE13F2321C084E51AC5D7723A7EF950A}

The `keyword Discover` 3.0 maintenance release (08/16/12) includes the following enhancements and fixes:

* Fixed a segmentation issue occurring when segmenting on Cities. The parenthetical region caused the segment to not return data.
* Fixed an issue preventing you from dragging line items to the `uicontrol Drop Segment Here` field (a report-level segment).
* Changed the report menu structure to improve viewing of classifications, when more than ten classifications exist in an expanded menu list.
* Fixed an issue that caused currencies to display the wrong operator in the `wintitle Segment Filter Builder`.
* Changed the default metrics in new Flow reports to improve processing speed.
* Fixed an issue that had prevented Fallout and Fallthrough dimensions from properly upgrading from Discover 2.96 to 3.0.
* Fixed an issue preventing Flow, Virtual Focus Groups, and Funnel reports from opening.
* Fixed an issue causing `keyword DataWarehouse` segments with multi-byte characters in the name field to fail.
* Fixed an issue in the Referrer Type field that caused the language setting to not be preserved.
## SocialAnalytics 1.2 Maintenance Release {#section_7A1AA8880AD540E89BAFADA679F949E8}

The `keyword SocialAnalytics` maintenance release (08/16/12) includes many back-end enhancements to improve speed and scalability.

For the latest `keyword SocialAnalytics` documentation, see the [SocialAnalytics User Guide](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/sa/index.html#Release%20Notes).

## DataWarehouse {#section_61FAEB4A3C0A4D0BAF798B82F3B2B86E}

* Fixed an issue with the `keyword SiteCatalyst` to `keyword Insight` feed that can cause the `keyword Insight` work node to crash when the data set contains invalid data.
## Clickstream Data Feeds {#section_A4988E1444EE443990FC57FE30362F8C}

Not updated in this maintenance release.

See the [Clickstream Data Feeds](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/whitepapers/clickstream/index.html?f=c_new_features) help for more information.

## ReportBuilder 4.3 Maintenance Release {#section_109F7BE30B8D4640AE6E5AACDCAB5ADF}

The ReportBuilder 4.3 release (08/16/12) includes the following fixes:

* Fixed an issue preventing Bounce, Bounce Rate, and Single Access from being available as metrics in the Site Sections report.
* Updated APIs for scheduled reports.
For more information, see the [ReportBuilder Help System](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/arb/index.html).

## Web Services {#section_E1FAF9B789B9405B874905ADE8D9B2FE}

The `keyword Web Services` maintenance release (08/16/12) includes the following enhancements and fixes:

**Important**: Change to Adobe Marketing Cloud Web Services authentication

We've recently made a significant upgrade to the Digital Marketing Suite authentication process. Due to this upgrade, on August 8, 2012 a new web services shared secret will be generated for all users who have been granted API Access. New shared secrets for all API users will appear in the Digital Marketing Suite at Admin &gt; Company &gt; Web Services tab. Your Web Services username will not change.

**What do I need to do?**

Update your code with your new shared secret as soon as possible. Your existing shared secret will continue to function for 12 months (until August 1, 2013).

* Improved API Explorer to check the user request field for syntax errors. If an error is detected a message is displayed.
* Enhanced Developer forums to automatically create links when URLs are typed in posts and post titles.
* Added `codeph DataWarehouse.IsEnabled` to determine whether a specific report suite is enabled for DataWarehouse.
* Added `codeph Survey.GetData` to return submitted responses to a specific survey.
Visit [developer.omniture.com](http://developer.omniture.com) to learn more about Web Services.

## AudienceResearch 2.5 {#section_502F4F4A5E6446E2934B9D1C83CA702F}

The `keyword AudienceResearch` 2.5 release (08/16/12) includes the following enhancements and fixes:

* Roll up the audience for multiple sites and report it as one, as long as the roll-up uses the same report suite.
* Support for reporting magazine metrics on MPA's recommended time frames.
* Portfolios now appear in quick search results
For more information, see [AudienceResearch](http://audience.omniture.com/).

## AudienceManager 3.5 Maintenance Release {#section_7749550F754647E792AF76B35530AF4B}

The AudienceManager 3.5 Maintenance Release (08/16/12) includes the following enhancements and fixes:
* **SegmentBuilder:** Redesigned the user interface to help improve workflow. Also, added new features that allow customers to create audience segments using recency/frequency settings, comparison operators, and Boolean Expressions. For more information, see the [segments section](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/demdex/index.html?f=c_segments) in the `wintitle AudienceManager` User Guide.
* **Data Information Library (DIL) API:** The class and instance-level DIL API lets you programmatically create and work with AudienceManager objects. Use this API to set values and return data. For more information, see the [API section](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/demdex/index.html?f=c_dil) in the `keyword AudienceManager` User Guide.

## SearchCenter Maintenance Release {#section_6A1C4CEFB4624146941A33CC4B61574E}

This `keyword SearchCenter` maintenance release (08/16/12) includes the following new features and enhancements:

* **Inventory Management:**Added an operator drop-down list on the `wintitle Create Configurations` dialog box to configure the `wintitle Out of Stock Identifier`. Also added a `wintitle Summary Email` field on the `wintitle Create Configurations` dialog box to specify an email address to receive alerts whenever an `wintitle Inventory Management` file is uploaded.
* **Management Views:**Added the ability to display an informational `wintitle Inventory Status` column in `wintitle Management` views for `wintitle Groups`, `wintitle Keywords`, and `wintitle Placements`.
This `keyword SearchCenter` maintenance release (08/16/12) includes the following fixes and enhancements:

* Fixed an issue that caused characters to become unreadable in emailed CSV reports.
* Fixed an issue that prevented downloaded reports from returning the requested number of rows.
* Fixed an issue that prevented users from filtering on deleted campaigns to get historic data.
* Fixed an issue that prevented bookmarked `keyword Management` views from updating correctly.
* Fixed an issue that prevented the use of negative metrics in `wintitle Advanced Filters`.
* Fixed an issue that caused campaign names to not be highlighted after filtering by campaigns.
* Fixed an issue that caused custom group data to be exported in bulk exports when they were not requested.
* Fixed an issue that caused incorrect sorting after clicking `wintitle Load More` to display more rows in `wintitle Management`.
* Fixed an issue that caused incorrect and negative calculated metrics to display in the `wintitle Custom Group``wintitle Management` view.
* Fixed an issue that caused keywords to be deleted when they should not have been deleted.
* Fixed an issue that caused synchronization to take longer than expected.
This release of `keyword SearchCenter` includes the following account-specific fixes:

**Google**

* Fixed an issue that caused Sitelink sets to be removed after synchronizing the campaign.
**Microsoft Bing:**

* Added additional capacity for the Microsoft Bing Match Type conversion. Additional functionality will be added in the future.
**Yahoo Japan**

* Fixed an issue that caused discrepancies between keyword cost in `keyword SearchCenter` and Yahoo Japan.
For more information, see the [SearchCenter User Guide](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/scm/index.html#Release%20Notes).

## Test&Target {#section_87E9C171991447388F084A6AEC6D07CE}

Test&amp;Target has not been updated in this release.

For the latest information, see [What's New in Test&amp;Target](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/tnt/help/index.html).

## Genesis 3 Maintenance Release {#section_C0A6F2E3D17E406ABDF1191A0FD70E40}

This `keyword Genesis` 3 maintenance release includes the following enhancements and fixes:

* Removed the `keyword DREAMmail` e-mail eVar from the interface.
* Fixed a UI Previous/Back button issue that potentially created duplicate integrations.
* Updated the Facebook JavaScript and PHP code to work with Facebook's latest API code.
* Added a new `wintitle Labs` product section for products in the laboratory.
* Added an alert for duplicate integrations.
* Fixed a text overlap issue in step 8 of the `keyword ExactTarget` integration.
* Fixed the `keyword Atlas` plugin code included in the wizard `wintitle Resources` page.
For more information, see the [Genesis Help](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/genesis/index.html).

## Insight 5.5 {#section_2333EDD54118449BA95E866EF173C670}

For the latest `keyword Insight` release notes and documentation, see [Insight Product Documentation](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/insight/insight_release_notes.pdf?cb=540).

## Search&Promote 8.9.1 {#section_42C5A2F1EA2A40CDB0AB0053F592DA46}

**Fixes and enhancements**

* Fixed search queries that had asterisks at the end and were not expanded with their synonyms.
* Fixed date queries that were working incorrectly.
* Fixed an error where it was possible to add an empty line to the Auto-complete word list.
* Added support for facet sorting that is not case sensitive.
* Added an advisory message to tell the user to create a strong `keyword Adobe Search&amp;Promote` account password.
* Added a `wintitle SSO-Login-Only` option to the `keyword Support` tab in the `keyword Member Center`.
* Fixed an error in scripted filtering that could hang a search crawl.
* Fixed an error where nothing would happen when you right-clicked `wintitle Banner`, and then clicked `wintitle Select Different Banner from visual rule builder`.
* Fixed various issues with pushing staged business rules live.
* Fixed an error in which banner tags are not searched.
For the latest `keyword Adobe Search&amp;Promote` documentation, see [Search&amp;Promote Documentation Home](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/snp/index.html).

## Survey 3.2 Maintenance Release {#section_BEC9645772894980966E9767B3A6BCCA}

This `keyword Survey` release includes the following new features:

* **Meta Data Question Type:** The new `wintitle Meta Data` question type lets you gather metadata by using JavaScript on the survey creator's web page.
* **Survey Data API:**The `wintitle Survey Data API` lets you programmatically retrieve responses for a specific survey.
This `keyword Survey` release includes the following fix:

* Fixed an issue that caused problems if users changed survey classifications.
For the latest `keyword Survey` documentation, see the [Survey User Guide](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/survey/index.html?f=c_Release_Notes).

## Recommendations 2.10 {#section_6F960222C11740A297D0B14A29571B1F}

For the latest `keyword Recommendations` documentation, see [What's New in `keyword Recommendations`](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/rec/#Release Notes).

## Scene7 {#section_F12BE202E73C411F8F0368348A7889C0}

For the latest `keyword Scene7` release information, [Scene7 Publishing System Release Notes](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/s7/release_notes/).

## Publish {#section_59467B8AB6764CE68995814716BADEC5}

For the latest `keyword Publish` release information, see the [Publish Release Notes](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/publish/publish_whatsnew.pdf).

