---
description: Learn about the latest release and maintenance release (MR) information in the Digital Marketing Suite.
seo-description: Learn about the latest release and maintenance release (MR) information in the Digital Marketing Suite.
seo-title: Release Notes - September 13 2012
solution: Release Notes,Marketing Cloud,Analytics,Social,Target,Media Optimizer
title: Release Notes - September 13 2012
topic: Release notes
---

# Release Notes - September 13 2012

Release: **September 13 2012**

Latest update: **September 21 2012**

* [DataWarehouse - Updated 9/21/2012](c_09132012.md#c_09132012/datawarehouse)
* [ReportBuilder 4.3 Maintenance Release - 9/15/2012](c_09132012.md#c_09132012/reportbuilder)
* [SiteCatalyst 15.4 Maintenance Release](c_09132012.md#c_09132012/sitecatalyst)
* [SiteCatalyst 14.9 Maintenance Release](c_09132012.md#c_09132012/sitecatalyst14)
* [AppMeasurement &amp; Mobile](c_09132012.md#c_09132012/appmeasurement)
* [Discover 3.0 Maintenance Release](c_09132012.md#c_09132012/discover)
* [Social 1.0 Maintenance Release](c_09132012.md#c_09132012/socialanalytics)
* [Clickstream Data Feeds](c_09132012.md#c_09132012/datafeeds)
* [Web Services](c_09132012.md#c_09132012/webservices)
* [AudienceResearch 2.6](c_09132012.md#c_09132012/audienceresearch)
* [AudienceManager Maintenance Release](c_09132012.md#c_09132012/audiencemanager)
* [SearchCenter Maintenance Release](c_09132012.md#c_09132012/searchcenter)
* [Test&amp;Target](c_09132012.md#c_09132012/testtarget)
* [Genesis 3 Maintenance Release](c_09132012.md#c_09132012/genesis)
* [Insight 5.5](c_09132012.md#c_09132012/insight)
* [Search&amp;Promote 8.9.2](c_09132012.md#c_09132012/searchpromote)
* [Survey 3.2 Maintenance Release](c_09132012.md#c_09132012/survey)
* [Recommendations 2.10](c_09132012.md#c_09132012/recommendations)
* [Scene7](c_09132012.md#c_09132012/scene7)
* [Publish](c_09132012.md#c_09132012/publish)
## DataWarehouse - Updated 9/21/2012 {#datawarehouse}

The following fixes and enhancements are available for `keyword DataWarehouse`:

* Resolved an issue where requests were being limited to 50 rows by default.
* Resolved a number of issues related to how `keyword DataWarehouse` handles the following situations in the product list. `keyword DataWarehouse` matches `keyword SiteCatalyst` rules for these situations:
    * Ignores empty products, such as a comma "," with no additional data.
    * Ignores product entities that are a single dash ("-").
    * Properly parses product events that contain tabs or newline characters.
    * Ignores instances of event "0", but continues parsing the product list rather than terminating the parse.
    * Skips situations with event values where an equal sign is missing. Parsing now continues rather than terminating.
    * Trims only spaces rather than all whitespace characters.
    * No longer trims spaces if the space is preceded by a backslash.
  
* Resolved an issue where using a classification as a segment criteria was not working properly if the classification was for a merchandising eVar. Specifically, segment criteria such as `codeph where classification is not null` was not working for merchandising eVars.
* Resolved an issue where using a classification as a segment criteria was not working properly, if the classification was for certain visit-reporting dimensions (such as Entry Page, Exit Page, and so on).
* Resolved an issue occurring when using multiple segment containers in a segment. The containers were not being connected correctly by *OR* conditions.
## ReportBuilder 4.3 Maintenance Release - Updated
		  9/15/2012 {#reportbuilder}

The `keyword ReportBuilder` 4.3 maintenance release (09/15/12) includes the following fixes:

* In Advanced Delivery Options, we added the ability to specify *minutes* for scheduled report delivery.
* Fixed an issue in the `wintitle Request Manager` that caused the date range preset to revert to the value of *Today*.
* Added support for list variables 1 - 5 in the reporting API, to match the `keyword SiteCatalyst` 15 interface.
* Fixed a formula calculation issue occurring when opening a workbook for a delivered report.
For more information, see the [ReportBuilder Help System](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/arb/index.html).

## SiteCatalyst 15.4 Maintenance Release {#sitecatalyst}

The `keyword SiteCatalyst` 15.4 maintenance release (09/13/12) includes the following enhancements and fixes:

**Fixes:**

* Fixed an issue that occasionally caused funnel reports with a filter applied to show no data when displayed in a dashboard. This issue occurred only after the date range was modified.
* Fixed an issue that caused file corruption in compressed Excel report downloads in Internet Explorer 8.
* Fixed an issue that prevented global calculated metrics from being selected in mobile reports.
* Fixed an issue that prevented some calculated metrics from being selected on reports. `keyword SiteCatalyst` now evaluates all calculated metrics when loading the `wintitle Metric Selector` and allows you to select any calculated metrics that are valid for the report.
* When displaying a report that has a segment applied to which the user does not have access (for example, a shared bookmark to a report with an unshared segment), the UI now displays "unknown segment" rather than a blank segment name
* Fixed an issue that prevented Page Filters in the `wintitle Clickmap Report` from being displayed in the `wintitle Choose Page` window.
* Fixed an issue on the `wintitle Referrers Report` that caused Typed/Bookmarked referrers to display on this report as "Unspecified". This report now contains only non-Typed/Bookmarked referrers similar to SiteCatalyst 14.
* Fixed an issue that Caused the `wintitle Time Spent on Page Report` to show zero data after switching to a trended view.
## SiteCatalyst 14.9 Maintenance Release {#sitecatalyst14}

The `keyword SiteCatalyst` 14.9 maintenance release (09/13/12) includes the following enhancements and fixes:

**Fixes:**

* Removed an internal check that prevented traffic and commerce metrics from being added in separate columns in `keyword DataExtracts` and `keyword ExcelClient`.
* Fixed an issue that caused `keyword DataExtracts` on the `wintitle Search Keywords - All Report` to return only line items with more than 5 instances.
## AppMeasurement & 
		  Mobile {#appmeasurement}

**JavaScript AppMeasurement**

**H.25.1**

* Forced URL encoding for the following characters:
  ```
  ~
  !
  *
  (
  )
  '
  ```
  This resolves issues with un-escaped characters being stored in the`keyword ClickMap``codeph s_sq` cookie.
* Fixed an issue that might cause the video complete event to not be sent when using a custom `codeph media.monitor` method that tracks the media close event:
  ```
  If(media.event=="CLOSE") {
  ...
  }
  
  ```
  
**Flash-Flex `keyword AppMeasurement`**

Version 3.5 contains a change to variable binding that might require a code change before upgrading. See [Flash-Flex AppMeasurement Release History](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/sc/appmeasurement/release/index.html?f=c_release_notes_flash).

**AppMeasurement for Other Platforms**

See [AppMeasurement Release History](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/sc/appmeasurement/release/index.html) the following for a release history of `keyword AppMeasurement` on the following platforms:

* JavaScript
* iOS
* Android
* Flash-Flex
* Windows Phone, XBOX, Sliverlight, and .NET
* BlackBerry
* Java
* PHP
* Symbian
## Discover 3.0 Maintenance Release {#discover}

The `keyword Discover` 3.0 maintenance release (09/13/12) includes the following enhancements and fixes:

* Enabled [list var](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/sc/implement/index.html?f=list_var) functionality.
* Fixed an issue causing a selected date range to remain selected in the calendar even though the custom date range was deleted in the project (using the Trash icon),
## Social 1.0 Maintenance Release {#socialanalytics}

The `keyword Social` maintenance release (09/13/12) includes the following enhancements and fixes:

* Fixed an issue that prevented `keyword Social` from collecting multi-byte terms when using the AND operator
* Fixed an issue that prevented the `wintitle Campaigns` report subrelations from functioning correctly.
* Fixed minor localization issues with the user interface.
* Fixed an issue that caused a PHP warning to display when accessing the `wintitle Keywords` manager.
For the latest `keyword Social` documentation, see the [Social User Guide](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/social/index.html#Home).

## Clickstream Data Feeds {#datafeeds}

Not updated in this maintenance release.

See the [Clickstream Data Feeds](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/whitepapers/clickstream/index.html?f=c_new_features) help for the latest information.

## Web Services {#webservices}

The `keyword Web Services` maintenance release (09/13/12) includes several internal fixes and the following enhancements:

* Added Social and video commerce metrics to the [reporting API](https://developer.omniture.com/en_US/documentation/sitecatalyst-reporting/c-reporting-api).
Visit [developer.omniture.com](http://developer.omniture.com) to learn more about Web Services.

## AudienceResearch 2.6 {#audienceresearch}

The `keyword AudienceResearch` 2.6 release (09/13/12) includes the following enhancements and fixes:

* Publishers can now enroll custom digital magazines that were built with tools other than DPS
* When setting the on-sale date for Issues of a digital magazine, Publishers will now be shown the date that the audience accumulation period ends.
* Advertisers can now compare two properties to one another at the detailed report level.
For more information, see [AudienceResearch](http://audience.omniture.com/).

## AudienceManager Maintenance Release {#audiencemanager}

No updates in this release.

## SearchCenter Maintenance Release {#searchcenter}

This `keyword SearchCenter` maintenance release (09/13/12) includes the following fixes and enhancements:

* Fixed an issue that prevented dashboards from displaying individual reportlets.
* Fixed an issue that caused cost data to appear in `wintitle Management` in an account that did not contain campaigns.
* Fixed an issue that caused Product Listing Ad (PLA) data to be classified as "none," even for campaigns that had not yet been imported into `keyword SearchCenter`.
* Fixed an issue that caused pre-click data to be classified as "none," even after synchronizing campaigns.
* Fixed an issue that caused `wintitle Inventory Management` changes to fail.
For more information, see the [SearchCenter User Guide](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/scm/index.html).

## Test&Target {#testtarget}

Not updated in this maintenance release.

For the latest information, see [What's New in `keyword Test&amp;Target`](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/tnt/help/index.html).

## Genesis 3 Maintenance Release {#genesis}

This `keyword Genesis` 3 maintenance release includes the following enhancements and fixes:

* Improved API communication on the back-end.
* Created API calls to request (SOAP), check (SOAP), and get (REST) classifications from the partner API.
* Updated the supported countries for the `keyword Searchmetrics` integration.
* Fixed the text in the `wintitle Add Variable` pop-up to provide friendly display name.
* Added `keyword Nagios` alerts for `keyword DFA` integration.
For more information, see the [Genesis Help](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/genesis/index.html).

## Insight 5.5 {#insight}

For the latest `keyword Insight` release notes and documentation, see [Insight Product Documentation](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/insight/insight_release_notes.pdf?cb=540).

## Search&Promote 8.9.2 {#searchpromote}

**Fixes and enhancements**

* You can now automatically push banners live when business rules are pushed live.
* Fixed an issue where search counts in parent nested facets were inaccurate.
* Fixed an issue where business rules stopped working on either `wintitle Staging` or `wintitle Live` after being edited, pushed live, and then followed with a full live index.
* Business rule triggers are now combined to reduce the number of rules.
  See [Business Rule Options](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/snp/index.html?f=r_Business_Rule_Builder_options).
  
  
* Fixed an issue where edited business rules remained broken for approximately ten seconds after the rule was pushed live.
* Fixed an issue where if you pushed business rules live during a live indexing operation, any edited business rules became non-functional after the indexing operation completed.
* You can now reset the`uicontrol to rank` field value on the `wintitle Edit Pre-Search Rule` page.
For the latest `keyword Search&amp;Promote` documentation, see [Search&amp;Promote Documentation Home](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/snp/index.html).

## Survey 3.2 Maintenance Release {#survey}

This `keyword Survey` maintenance release (09/13/12) includes the following new features:

* **Copy Surveys:**You can now copy a survey from one report suite to another.
* **Sentiment Analysis:**Survey now performs sentiment analysis on free-text responses (Paragraph or Single-line Text).
* **New Survey Launch Type:**You can now launch a survey when the page conditions have been met for a specified amount of time, regardless of how many page loads have occurred.
The `keyword Survey` maintenance release (09/1312) includes the following fix:

* Fixed an issue that caused emailed Raw Export for SPSS reports to fail.
For the latest `keyword Survey` documentation, see the [Survey User Guide](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/survey/index.html?f=c_Release_Notes).

## Recommendations 2.10 {#recommendations}

For the latest Recommendations documentation, see [What's New in `keyword Recommendations`](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/rec/#Release Notes).

## Scene7 {#scene7}

For the latest `keyword Scene7` release information, [Scene7 Publishing System Release Notes](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/s7/release_notes/index.html).

## Publish {#publish}

For the latest `keyword Publish` release information, see the [Publish Release Notes](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/publish/publish_whatsnew.pdf).

