---
description: Learn about the latest release and maintenance release (MR) information in the Digital Marketing Suite.
seo-description: Learn about the latest release and maintenance release (MR) information in the Digital Marketing Suite.
seo-title: Release Notes - November 3 2011
solution: Release Notes,Marketing Cloud,Analytics,Social,Target,Media Optimizer
title: Release Notes - November 3 2011
topic: Release notes
---

# Release Notes - November 3 2011

**November 3 2011**

* [ Documentation Feedback Survey ](c_11032011.md#concept_C46F6E45530843558F2BB7CAA8FA91BB/section_39271EE01247406A95E18584D8086F94)
* [ Keyword Reporting Change ](c_11032011.md#concept_C46F6E45530843558F2BB7CAA8FA91BB/section_962E3535B89741E6B8E55BDD8B4F0674)
* [ SiteCatalyst 15.2 Maintenance Release ](c_11032011.md#concept_C46F6E45530843558F2BB7CAA8FA91BB/section_C45162EC60514AD29978F4AF351ED24F)
* [ AppMeasurement ](c_11032011.md#concept_C46F6E45530843558F2BB7CAA8FA91BB/section_340186EFB8B64490AC377BA85D64BE57)
* [ ReportBuilder 4.2 Maintenance Release ](c_11032011.md#concept_C46F6E45530843558F2BB7CAA8FA91BB/section_1CD5CAE8CF1E4CB5A8922D6030D2B9C6)
* [ AudienceResearch 1.0 ](c_11032011.md#concept_C46F6E45530843558F2BB7CAA8FA91BB/section_E3A4337CFE18468FA64DF3ECE5F17D95)
* [ SearchCenter 4.2 ](c_11032011.md#concept_C46F6E45530843558F2BB7CAA8FA91BB/section_65EED8B4240440D08300737C0D500780)
* [ Discover 2.9.6 Maintenance Release ](c_11032011.md#concept_C46F6E45530843558F2BB7CAA8FA91BB/section_B9344E2C51D341308C9ACB0A6119C24F)
* [ Test&amp;Target 2.10 ](c_11032011.md#concept_C46F6E45530843558F2BB7CAA8FA91BB/section_1BD2DB464B9D4755A6AFCA0A49391DB4)
* [ Genesis 3 Maintenance Release ](c_11032011.md#concept_C46F6E45530843558F2BB7CAA8FA91BB/section_F4E43DF6EAF34EE09413D31C4A9CDEE4)
* [ Insight 5.4 ](c_11032011.md#concept_C46F6E45530843558F2BB7CAA8FA91BB/section_EA1EE008E74C4C9E90D53EB3EF7C579E)
* [ Search&amp;Promote 8.6.1 ](c_11032011.md#concept_C46F6E45530843558F2BB7CAA8FA91BB/section_3826893C14C7450CAC8857E2EAFEF08C)
* [ Survey 3.2 ](c_11032011.md#concept_C46F6E45530843558F2BB7CAA8FA91BB/section_5044EA0565C64FF09A1C7CF2EF733598)
* [ Recommendations 2.10 ](c_11032011.md#concept_C46F6E45530843558F2BB7CAA8FA91BB/section_76ECD21D7D7B4A979619FCB401E05BEC)
* [ Scene7 ](c_11032011.md#concept_C46F6E45530843558F2BB7CAA8FA91BB/section_C27164D152AC4D17A2EF7F430D218788)
* [ SocialAnalytics 1.2 Maintenance Release ](c_11032011.md#concept_C46F6E45530843558F2BB7CAA8FA91BB/section_FF74FDE969A5405C8FFEAB76C58EA04E)
* [ Publish ](c_11032011.md#concept_C46F6E45530843558F2BB7CAA8FA91BB/section_68C8EF340DD0402A928E7576ED58336E)
## Documentation Feedback Survey {#section_39271EE01247406A95E18584D8086F94}

The Documentation team has implemented a Feedback button in online Help. A Feedback button displays on the right side of each topic in your Web browser so you can provide input and suggestions for improvement for that specific topic. We welcome any suggestions or feedback concerning our products or its documentation.

## Keyword Reporting Change {#section_962E3535B89741E6B8E55BDD8B4F0674}

The line item `term Keyword Unavailable` will begin displaying in all applications that run Keyword reports, including:

* `wintitle Search Keywords - Natural`
* `wintitle Search Keywords - All`
* `wintitle Search Keywords` (DataWarehouse)
* `wintitle Marketing Channel` Detail Reports (`wintitle First Touch` and `wintitle Last Touch`)
* `wintitle Organic to Paid Keyword` (SearchCenter)


This change is to support Google's removing of keywords from encrypted searches.

>[!NOTE]
>
>In the Data Feeds, Reporting API, and`keyword ReportBuilder`, this line item displays as `term ::empty::`. DataWarehouse might display `term ::empty::` in reports other than `wintitle Search Keywords`. For example, `term ::empty::` might appear in `wintitle First Touch Channel Detail`, `wintitle Last Touch Channel Detail`, or in an eVar that `keyword SearchCenter` optionally uses to store natural search terms.
The Keyword Unavailable line item is not searchable in the report detail.

## SiteCatalyst 15.2 Maintenance Release {#section_C45162EC60514AD29978F4AF351ED24F}

* Fixed an issue that prevented the use of the underscore character in terms that are used to filter data.
* Fixed an issue that caused some metric values to display as zero on the `wintitle Marketing Channel Overview Report`.
* Fixed an issue that caused the total for all line items to appear incorrectly when filtering a search for a `wintitle Compare Date Range Report`.
* Typed/Bookmarked hits are now counted as a referral only if that item began the visit. This change should result in Visits and Instances aligning on the `wintitle Referring Domains Report`.
* Fixed a character escape issue that prevented the `wintitle Mobile Devices Report` from displaying in French.
* Fixed an issue that caused a filter to not be applied on the `wintitle Search Keywords Natural Report` and `wintitle Search Keywords Paid Report`.
* Fixed an issue that caused dashboards that use multiple segments to load slowly. The load operation was optimized to display these dashboards more quickly.
* Fixed an issue that prevented a product classification from being used as a breakdown in the `wintitle Product Category Report`.
* Fixed an issue that prevented non-admin users from deleting bookmark folders in some circumstances in Bookmark Manager.
* Fixed an issue that prevented some large revenue values from displaying in the `wintitle Product Report`.
* Fixed an issue that caused some non-revenue based events to be divided by 100. This affected dashboards and some other reports such as `wintitle Pages Report`.
* Fixed an issue that caused a network acceleration timeout error to appear in some circumstances when navigating from `keyword SearchCenter` to `keyword SiteCatalyst`.
* Fixed an issue that prevented some State and Browser Type data collected before the `keyword SiteCatalyst` 15 upgrade date from displaying correctly in SiteCatalyst 15 dashboards.
* Fixed an issue that caused the publishing list to not apply the report suite override for HTML dashboard reports.
* Fixed an issue affecting `keyword ReportBuilder`, `keyword Data Extracts`, and `keyword ExcelClient` that caused data to appear incorrectly when multiple metrics and granularity are applied.
* Fixed an issue that caused Visit totals to appear incorrectly in a reportlet for dates that span the `keyword SiteCatalyst` 15 upgrade date.
* Fixed an issue that caused the Typed/Bookmarked traffic in `keyword Referring Domains Report` to drop after migrating to `keyword SiteCatalyst` 15.
* Fixed an issue that prevented calculated metrics that include the `keyword Unique Visitor` metric from displaying in the metrics drop down.
* Fixed an issue that caused a yellow message bar that does not contain a message to display in PDF reports. The yellow bar is now displayed only if there is a message.
* Made an update to not change the selected metrics for current `keyword DataWarehouse` requests when a new report suite is selected in the drop down.
* Fixed an issue that caused numeric classifications to be sorted incorrectly when the Total Records metric is included.
* Fixed an issue that prevented some report formats from being listed for a scheduled report during editing.
* Fixed an issue that prevented some reports from being added to a dashboard.
* Fixed an issue that caused visit counts for non-mobile devices to change when multiple metrics are added to the `wintitle Mobile Devices Report`.
  *
  Fixed an issue that caused the `wintitle Referring Domains Report` to sometimes display all zeroes when filtering by a single page in the report configuration.
  
  
* Updated dashboards to remove segments that are not available to the user before display. This prevents metrics based on segments to which the user does not have access from displaying zeros when a shared bookmark or other link is opened.
* Changed they way Average Time Spent is calculated in trended reports. This metric is no longer based on the date range when trending.
* Fixed an issue that prevented props from being correlated by referrer type.
* Fixed an issue in the `wintitle Return Visits Report` to correctly combine data when crossing the `keyword SiteCatalyst` 15 upgrade date.
* Fixed an issue that caused columns to overlap when performing a date comparison in a reportlet.
* Fixed an issue with reports that contain the Unique Visitors metric and the Hierarchy metric that caused incorrect data to display when spanning the `keyword SiteCatalyst` 15 upgrade date.
  *
  Fixed an issue with the visit totals on reports that have granularity selected and the date crosses the `keyword SiteCatalyst` 15 upgrade date.
  
  
* Fixed a discrepancy between the Fallout and Continued percentages in the `wintitle Fallout Report` when the selected date crosses the `keyword SiteCatalyst` 15 upgrade date.
* Fixed an issue that caused unique visitor values in overtime reports to not display correctly for report suites that have custom calendars.
* Fixed an issue with Target Manager that caused the Shared checkbox to not work in browsers other than Firefox.
* Fixed an issue that caused dates to not display on the x axis for dashboards that use the area graph.
* Fixed a link in the Suite footer when German language is selected to redirect to the correct help location.
## AppMeasurement {#section_340186EFB8B64490AC377BA85D64BE57}

**JavaScript - H.24.1**

* Updated video tracking to combine hits for segments and milestones that occur at the same time.
**JavaScript - H.24**

* Internal updates to support `wintitle Adobe Tag Manager`.
**JavaScript - H.23.9**

* Internal updates to support `wintitle Adobe Tag Manager`.
**AppMeasurement for iOS - 2.1.6**

* Added support for iOS 5.
* AppMeasurement for iOS was updated to no longer use the deprecated UDID value as the default value for visitorID. If you set a custom visitorID in your application (for example, `codeph s.visitorID = @12345`), then you are unaffected by this change. If you do not set a custom visitorID, instead of using the UDID as the value for visitorID, a random visitorID is generated on initial launch and then stored in a user defaults key. This key is used by AppMeasurement from that point forward. This key is also saved and restored during the standard application backup process.
  See [iOS App Measurement Updates for iOS 5 and UDID](http://blogs.omniture.com/2011/11/03/ios-app-measurement-updates-for-ios-5-and-udid/).
  
  
* Updated calls from the iOS Best Practices plug-in that are not associated with a page view to send hits using trackLink. This helps prevent these hits from recording page views with the default value of "application name/version" name.
## DataWarehouse {#section_0E401DFBB573459BAF33CD17C762B888}

Added the ability for administrators to edit the schedule for data warehouse requests created by other users.

## ReportBuilder 4.2 Maintenance Release {#section_1CD5CAE8CF1E4CB5A8922D6030D2B9C6}

* Resolved an issue in which five-item correlations were not working with certain combinations of reports.
* Resolved an issue in which setting the date using cell ranges would sometimes return only a portion of the dates.
* Resolved an issue with the timestamp output.
* Fixed an issue in `keyword ReportBuilder` that caused prop reports with specific metrics to display the site total rather than the prop total.
* Fixed an issue affecting `keyword ReportBuilder`, `keyword Data Extracts`, and `keyword ExcelClient` that caused data to appear incorrectly when multiple metrics and granularity are applied.
* Fixed the `keyword ReportBuilder` search filter to find all line items that match the filter string regardless of case. For example, filtering for "en_US" now finds both "en_US" and "en_us" line items. Before this fix only a single matching line item was found.
* Fixed an issue in `keyword ReportBuilder` that caused user-defined calculated metrics to contain an incorrect value when applied without other metrics.
For more information, see the [ReportBuilder Help System](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/arb/index.html).

## AudienceResearch 1.0 {#section_E3A4337CFE18468FA64DF3ECE5F17D95}

`keyword AudienceResearch` provides publishers with Media Rating Council certification of key `keyword SiteCatalyst` metrics like Page Views, Visits, Daily Unique Cookies, and Time Spent. `keyword AudienceResearch` offers advantages to publishers and advertisers:

* As a publisher, you can accurately measure audience size across multiple channels, allowing you to better represent yourself when packaging and selling audiences to advertisers.
* As an advertiser, you not only gain quick access to granular audience data on the web, but also in emerging channels like digital edition magazines.
Certification is available for sites, mobile applications, and digital publications built with Adobe's Digital Publishing Suite. For more information, contact your Account Support Manager.

For more information, see [AudienceResearch](http://audience.omniture.com/).

## SearchCenter 4.2 {#section_65EED8B4240440D08300737C0D500780}

This `keyword SearchCenter` release includes the following new features and enhancements:


* **Social to Paid Keywords Report: **This report (`wintitle Reporting` &gt; `wintitle Advanced Reporting` &gt; `wintitle Social to Paid Keywords`) lets you compare your paid keyword campaigns to terms you are tracking in Adobe `keyword SocialAnalytics.` If many users mention a specific term on the social web (Twitter, Facebook, YouTube, blogs, video sharing sites, and so forth), you can consider adding that term as a paid keyword. You can also use this report to identify trends in two similar but different data sets and identify cross-channel data relationships between `keyword SearchCenter` and `keyword SocialAnalytics`.
* **Ad Report Enhancements: **The `wintitle Ads` report (`wintitle Reporting` &gt; `wintitle Standard` &gt; `wintitle Ads`) and the `wintitle Ads Hierarchy` report (`wintitle Reporting` &gt; `wintitle Hierarchy` &gt; `wintitle Ad Hierarchy`) have been enhanced to provide separate columns for the following ad attributes: `wintitle Ad Title`, `wintitle Ad Description`, `wintitle Ad Display URL`, and `wintitle Ad Destination URL`. These additional columns let you examine the data in a more granular fashion. In addition, new reports are also available for each of these ad attributes under the `wintitle Reporting` &gt; `wintitle Standard` menu.
* **Bid Rule Execution: **The timing of bid-rule execution is now 7 a.m. in the report suite's (local) configured time zone. Previously, bid rules ran at the same time for all customers (noon, U.S. Mountain time).
* **Data Export: **When you are exporting `keyword SearchCenter` data to edit in an external application, you can click the underlined column headers in the second step of the `wintitle Export Wizard` (`wintitle Step 2: Choose Columns`) to toggle all columns in that section to checked or unchecked.
* **Advanced Filter Enhancements: **The column names in the `wintitle Add Filter Criteria` and `wintitle Sort By` drop-down lists in the `wintitle Advanced Filter` are now alphabetized to make it easier for you to locate and select the desired columns.
* **Sorting in the Bid Automation View: **Users can now sort by all columns in the `wintitle Bid Automation` view. Previously, users could sort on only the `wintitle Strategy` column.
* **Supported Currencies**: Added a list of supported currencies for each major engine.

This release of `keyword SearchCenter` includes the following general fixes:

* Fixed an issue that prevented the `wintitle Sort` and `wintitle Advanced Filter` features from working properly after users changed the hierarchy using the drop-down lists (from `wintitle Keywords` to `wintitle Accounts`, for example).
* Fixed an issue that caused a simple search at the custom group level to not perform correctly.
* Fixed an issue that caused the Web browser to lock up when users attempted to create a campaign from the `wintitle All Campaigns` view with an input error (a required field left empty, for example).
* Fixed an issue the prevented an error message from displaying when users attempted to copy a campaign or ad without making any changes. If users attempt to copy a campaign or ad without making changes, such as campaign name, an error message now displays.
* Fixed an issue that sometimes prevented users from editing certain campaigns.
* Fixed an issue that sometimes caused campaigns to be removed from `keyword SearchCenter` after synchronization when using bulk export/import.
* Fixed an error that prevented users from performing a bulk export for only negative keywords.
* The progress bar in the `wintitle Export Wizard` has been fixed so that you can see status of the process.
* Fixed an issue with the bulk export feature that required certain columns to be selected before performing the export. There are now no required columns that must be selected.
* Fixed an issue that prevented the `wintitle Bid Automation` table from loading.
* Fixed an issue when users attempted to edit old bid rules that caused some User Interface buttons to not function.
* Fixed an issue that prevented the keyword `wintitle Get Suggestions` feature from returning results.
* Fixed an issue that prevented the `wintitle Quality Score` from displaying (Google and Bing only).
* Fixed an issue that caused pre-click data for text ads that differ only in destination URL to roll up under a single ad in reporting.
* Fixed an issue that prevented custom group values from displaying in keyword hierarchy reports.
* Fixed an issue that caused ad titles and descriptions to not format correctly in an emailed .CSV report.
* Fixed an issue that caused a JavaScript error when users added keywords to an `wintitle Organic to Paid Keywords` or`wintitle  Internal to Paid Keywords` report.
* Fixed an issue that caused the wrong metrics to display in the `wintitle Organic to Paid Keywords` report in the Japanese-localized product.
* Fixed an issue that caused filtering on a bookmarked report to not perform correctly after the filter is changed.
* Fixed an issue that sometimes caused incorrect results to display after filtering reports.
* Fixed an issue in `wintitle Management` screens that caused columns to resize to the default settings after users added a new column. Columns that users manually resize are now not resized after adding additional columns.
This release of `keyword SearchCenter` includes the following account-specific fixes:

**Microsoft Bing**

* Fixed an issue when using the `wintitle Automated Campaign Generation` to create a new campaign that caused the following error: "In Microsoft Bing, Parent Campaign ID must not be empty or zero." New campaigns do not require a Campaign ID.
**Google**

* Changed the "Monthly Budget" column header to read "Budget." For Google accounts, the budget is a daily budget.
* Fixed an issue that prevented the character counter from functioning correctly when editing a text ad.
**Baidu**

* Fixed an issue that caused orphaned objects to be created after performing a bulk import on a campaign that has a validation error. If a campaign has a validation error, no child objects are created.
For more information, see the [SearchCenter User Guide](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/scm/index.html?f=c_Release_Notes).

## Discover 2.9.6 Maintenance Release {#section_B9344E2C51D341308C9ACB0A6119C24F}

* Fixed an issue that caused two exit site pages to display in the Next Page Flow report.
* Made changes that reduced the number 302 errors.
## Test&Target 2.10 {#section_1BD2DB464B9D4755A6AFCA0A49391DB4}

The following new features are available in `keyword Test&amp;Target` 2.10:

* Redesigned `wintitle Profile Attribute` page helps you more easily create and manage your custom profile attributes.
* Accounting per mbox enables you to audit your mboxes and see how many mbox requests you get per mbox each month.
* Preview all ad combinations for Flash display ads in 1:1 campaigns so you can exclude combinations that do not make sense to deliver.
* Improved 1:1 campaign reporting so you can view the content and modeling group report by impressions in addition to visits.
* When deactivating an mbox, mboxes that are already deactivated are now visually separated from the Move Mbox list and cannot be selected.
For more information, see [What's New in `keyword Test&amp;Target`](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/tnt/help/index.html#Release%20Notes).

## Genesis 3 Maintenance Release {#section_F4E43DF6EAF34EE09413D31C4A9CDEE4}

* Fixed a classification file that was not importing successfully.
* Fixed an activity log update issue involving segments.
* Improved the handling of support tickets through the interface.
* Improved Search feature in the localized environment on the `wintitle Genesis Showcase` page.
For more information, see the [Genesis User Guide](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/genesis/oms_genesis.pdf).

## Insight 5.4 {#section_EA1EE008E74C4C9E90D53EB3EF7C579E}

For the latest information about `keyword Insight`, see [Insight Product Documentation](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/insight/insight_release_notes.pdf?cb=540).

## Search&Promote 8.6.1 {#section_3826893C14C7450CAC8857E2EAFEF08C}

The following maintenance release notes describe the new features, enhancements, and fixes for `keyword Search&amp;Promote`.

* Fixed the presentation template to embed a facet within another facet.
* Applied a fix for metadata string rule containing characters.
* Enabled `keyword SiteCatalyst` downloads for incremental updates.
* Showed a warning for related rules banner deletion.
* Changed "duplicate ETag" message to indicate that the document is not being indexed.
* Category facet with no parents stays fully open on any facet selection.
* Custom variables re-evaluated in `wintitle Business Rules` after post-search rules have fired.
* Added notes field to `wintitle Business Rules`.
* Added an enhancement that allows optional search-time, per-field relevance control by way of a new `codeph sp_ro` core CGI parameter.
* Added a new member center page for managing a list of terms, or phrases, or both, that are automatically excluded from various types of search-time query expansions (synonym, sound-alike, endings, and so forth).
For more information, see [Search&amp;Promote Documentation Home](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/snp/index.html).

## Survey 3.2 {#section_5044EA0565C64FF09A1C7CF2EF733598}

The `keyword Survey` 3.2 release includes the following new features and enhancements:

* **Launch a Survey from a Feedback Link: **Launch a survey when a visitor to your website clicks a `wintitle Feedback` icon that displays on selected pages or on all pages.
* **Progress Bar: **Enable a progress bar to inform survey visitors how far they have progressed through a survey.
* ** `wintitle  Raw Export for SPSS`: **Download reports in`wintitle  Raw Export for SPSS` format. SPSS (Statistical Package for the Social Sciences) is an IBM standard used for analyzing survey data.
* **Page Name Enhancements: **Page names are now associated with data in `keyword Survey`. Page names display in reports downloaded in the raw data formats (`wintitle Raw Data Export` and `wintitle Raw Export for SPSS`). The page name displayed in downloaded reports is the name of the page that launched the survey.
The `keyword Survey` 3.2 release includes the following fixes:

* Improved the loading speed of the `wintitle Survey Manager` page when a report suite contains a large number of surveys. The trended sparklines are now loaded in batches instead of all at once, which improves performance.
* Fixed an issue with scaled questions in which the labels are reversed in `keyword SiteCatalyst`. For example, in `keyword Survey`, 0 = Completely Dissatisfied and 10 = Completely Satisfied, but in `keyword SiteCatalyst`, 0 = Completely Satisfied and 10 = Completely Dissatisfied.
* Fixed an issue that caused the `wintitle Save` button to be disabled after editing a question.
* Fixed an issue that caused users to be prompted to save a question after clicking `wintitle Go to Page`, even if the question was previously saved.
* Fixed an issue that caused raw reports to fail if they contain only text questions.
* Fixed an issue that caused misalignment of check boxes and text when using the `wintitle Check Box` question type.
* Fixed an issue that prevented the `wintitle Close` button from displaying on the `wintitle Thank You` page for Adobe-hosted surveys.
* Fixed an issue that caused the "N/A" column header in a `wintitle Value Grid` question when using HTML code to not display correctly in reports.
For more information, see the [Survey User Guide](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/survey/index.html?f=c_Release_Notes).

## Recommendations 2.10 {#section_76ECD21D7D7B4A979619FCB401E05BEC}

This release of `keyword Recommendations` includes the following enhancements:

* Dynamic attribute filtering enables you to set up one recommendation that automatically applies for each item across the site.
* Improved algorithms use enhanced collaborative filtering strategies that take into account similar visitor's behavior to drive more successful recommendations.
* Statistical confidence has been added to reports for each metric.
* A new Location Testing recommendation type enables you to determine which location provides the best results.
For more information, see [What's New in `keyword Recommendations`](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/rec/#Release Notes).

## Scene7 {#section_C27164D152AC4D17A2EF7F430D218788}

For the latest `keyword Scene7` release information, [Scene7 Publishing System Release Notes](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/s7/release_notes/index.html).

## SocialAnalytics 1.2 Maintenance Release {#section_FF74FDE969A5405C8FFEAB76C58EA04E}

The `keyword SocialAnalytics` Maintenance Release (11/03/11) release includes the following new features and enhancements:

* **Add Terms in Bulk: **Quickly and efficiently add large sets of terms or activate and deactivate multiple terms using the `keyword SiteCatalyst Attribute Importing and Naming Tool` (SAINT).
* **Classify Terms in SAINT: **Create classifications for the terms you want to track in `keyword SocialAnalytics`.
* **Japanese Localization Enhancements: **The data collection and `keyword SocialAnalytics` User Interface for the Japanese market has been improved. The product documentation is also available in Japanese.
For more information, see the [SocialAnalytics User Guide](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/sa/index.html#Release%20Notes).

## Publish {#section_68C8EF340DD0402A928E7576ED58336E}

For the latest `keyword Publish` release information, see the [Publish Release Notes](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/publish/publish_whatsnew.pdf).

