---
description: Learn about new features and fixes in the Adobe Marketing Cloud.
keywords: release notes
seo-description: Learn about new features and fixes in the Adobe Marketing Cloud.
seo-title: Release Notes - July 2015
solution: Experience Cloud,Release Notes
title: Release Notes - July 2015
uuid: f2e00aab-c57c-43f3-bb5d-2301ae01470b
index: y
internal: n
snippet: y
translate: y
---

# Release Notes - July 2015

Learn about new features and fixes in the Adobe Marketing Cloud.


>[!NOTE]
>
>To receive release notes one week prior to the monthly product update, subscribe to the[Adobe Priority Product Update](https://www.adobe.com/subscription/priority-product-update.html). Release information in the Priority Product Update comes one week in advance of the release date and is subject to change. Please check back at release time for updates. 



July 2015 

* [Adobe Tag Manager Deprecation Notice](../../c_legacy_releases/2015/07162015.md#concept_038510194C364E10BC5050C98C64025D)
* [Marketing Cloud and Core Services](../../c_legacy_releases/2015/07162015.md#marketingcloud)
* [Analytics](../../c_legacy_releases/2015/07162015.md#analytics) - **Update:** [Clickstream Data Feed Fixes](../../c_legacy_releases/2015/07162015.md#clickstream) on 7/27/2015
* [Audience Manager](../../c_legacy_releases/2015/07162015.md#aam)
* [Social](../../c_legacy_releases/2015/07162015.md#social)
* [Target](../../c_legacy_releases/2015/07162015.md#target)
* [Media Optimizer](../../c_legacy_releases/2015/07162015.md#mediaoptimizer)
* [Campaign](../../c_legacy_releases/2015/07162015.md#campaign)
* [Experience Manager](../../c_legacy_releases/2015/07162015.md#experiencemanager)
* [Key Documentation Updates in 2015](../../c_legacy_releases/2015/07162015.md#docupdates)

>[!IMPORTANT]
>
>In September 2013, Adobe launched [dynamic tag management](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/dtm/) (DTM) as an included core service of the [!DNL  Adobe Marketing Cloud]. As part of our ongoing commitment to expand and add continued value to the DTM platform, Adobe Tag Manager (ATM) will be discontinued, and customers will be transitioned to DTM. The advantages of DTM include significantly improved integrations with Adobe marketing solutions and the overall [!DNL  Marketing Cloud], improved tag performance, and powerful rule-based controls over when and how your tags are deployed. 

>We want to make this transition as smooth as possible, so here is what you need to know about our transition plan: 
>
>* Starting August 1, 2015, you will no longer be able to edit your tags or containers in ATM. You will still be able to log into the application to view and export existing tags and containers, and your tags will continue to be served. However, if you want to make changes, you will need to deploy DTM on your site(s) and transition these tags to DTM.
>* Starting October 1, 2015, the ATM application will become unavailable and your tags will no longer be served. If you have not transitioned your sites away from ATM by this date, it is possible that your website visitors may experience errors. It is critical that you transition prior to this date. Adobe will begin sending periodic reminders between now and this date to remind you to begin the migration process as soon as possible.
>See [Migrating from Adobe Tag Manager](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/dtm/?f=atm_migration) for information about migrating to DTM from ATM versions 1.0 and 2.0. 


* [Marketing Cloud Interface](../../c_legacy_releases/2015/07162015.md#marketing_cloud_interface)
* [Dynamic Tag Management](../../c_legacy_releases/2015/07162015.md#dtm)

## Marketing Cloud Interface {#marketing_cloud_interface}

Version 15.7 planned release: **July 22, 2015 **

* Fixed an issue that prevented attribute descriptions specified on the View/Edit Schema page (in customer attributes) from being updated in Analytics reports. (MAC-25985)
* Fixed an issue preventing the thumbnails from rendering for uploaded assets. (MAC-25863)
* Fixed an issue that prevented new segments created in reports &amp analytics from being available in Marketing Cloud Audiences. (MAC-25817)
* Fixed an issue that prevented audience sharing from Analytics, when using the visitor ID service. (MAC-25788, MAC-25747)
* Added support for multibyte characters in customer attributes. (MAC-25552)

**Known Issue** 

A known issue is causing duplicate auto-generated accounts to be created in Audience Manager, and automatically linking them to a user's Marketing Cloud identity. This issue occurs if you attempt to navigate to Audience Manager before linking your accounts. Adobe recommends that you link your Audience Manager accounts to the Marketing Cloud before navigating to Audience Manager. (MAC-25640) 

See [Marketing Cloud Product Documentation](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mcloud/) for product help. 

## Dynamic Tag Management {#dtm}

Release date: **July 8, 2015**

<table id="table_7CE66B92C8C1407185AB0E42DCB4972F"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Feature </th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr valign="top"> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Event Types </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>New event types let you trigger event-based rules on Single Page Apps: </p> <p>New event types include <span class="wintitle"> "Custom" </span> and " <span class="wintitle"> pushState or hashchange </span>." </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

**Fixes and Enhancements** 

* Fixed an issue in the Google Universal Analytics tool that prevented users from setting the account ID in data elements.
* Fixed an issue in the Google Universal Analytics tool that suppressed rule beacons if the [!UICONTROL  Page Code is Already Present] check box is selected.

See [What's New in Dynamic Tag Management](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/dtm/whatsnew.html) for current and cumulative release notes, help, and documentation updates. 

* [New Features in Analytics](../../c_legacy_releases/2015/07162015.md#features_analytics)
* Fixes: 
    * [Reports &amp Analytics Fixes](../../c_legacy_releases/2015/07162015.md#fixes_reports_analytics)
    * [Report Builder Fixes](../../c_legacy_releases/2015/07162015.md#fixes_arb)
    * [Ad Hoc Analysis Fixes](../../c_legacy_releases/2015/07162015.md#fixes_ad_hoc)
    * [Data Warehouse Fixes](../../c_legacy_releases/2015/07162015.md#fixes_data_warehouse)
    * [Clickstream Data Feed Fixes](../../c_legacy_releases/2015/07162015.md#clickstream)
* [Analytics Web Services (SOAP and REST APIs)](../../c_legacy_releases/2015/07162015.md#analytics_web_svcs)

## New Features in Analytics {#features_analytics}

Release date: **July 16, 2015**

<table id="table_91D1FD20C4C1411292252364328677AF"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Feature </th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> Changes to the group permission settings in the Analytics Admin Console </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> <span class="uicontrol"> Analytics </span> &gt; <span class="uicontrol"> Admin </span> &gt; <span class="uicontrol"> User Management </span> &gt; <span class="uicontrol"> Groups </span></p> <p>You can now allow group access to some individual traffic metrics, along with all events and other metrics. The <span class="uicontrol"> Conversion Reports </span> report group has been replaced by the <span class="uicontrol"> Metrics </span> report group. <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/reference/define_user_group.html" format="https" scope="external"> More... </a></p> <p>As part of this maintenance release, a migration of settings will take place for all groups: </p> <p>  </p>
    <table id="table_B64ACD3E2981425B907EC5880C15386E">  
    </table> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Analytics LiveStream hit smoothing </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> Hit smoothing buffers data to provide a smoothed rate of flow for messages. Hit smoothing is useful in several scenarios, such as when incoming to a live dashboard is coming in bursts or is unpredictable. In such cases, having the data smoothed provides a smoother look to the updates. </p> <p> To enable hit smoothing, add a query string parameter <span class="codeph"> "smoothing=1" </span> to the end of the LiveStream connect URI. For example, if a LiveStream connect URI is: </p> <p> 
     <codeblock>
       https://livestream.adobe.net/api/1/stream/mystream1 
     </codeblock> </p> <p>The hit smoothing version would be: </p> <p> 
     <codeblock>
       https://livestream.adobe.net/api/1/stream/mystream1?smoothing=1 
     </codeblock> </p> <p>See <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/developer/documentation/analytics-live-stream/hit-smoothing" format="https" scope="external"> LiveStream Hit Smoothing </a> documentation in the Developer Connection. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> Analytics for Target (A4T) Lift and Confidence report </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Added <span class="wintitle"> Lift and Confidence </span> report to Analytics and to Target Standard. <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/reference/?f=report_target_lift_confidence" format="https" scope="external"> More... </a></p> <p>We are also adding dimensions and metrics from <span class="keyword"> Target </span> to Ad Hoc Analysis. </p> <p>You will be able to assess the success of campaigns in Adobe Analytics in the same way you have done in Target Classic in the past. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> Report Builder correlation breakdown menu </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Added a separate correlation breakdown next to the Breakdown menu when right clicking on a cell with an Analytics dimension value. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Remove users who block all cookies on desktop browsers</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> We updated the interface instructions for using the template segment described on the <span class="wintitle"> Privacy Settings </span> page at: </p> <p> <span class="uicontrol"> Admin Tools </span> &gt; <span class="uicontrol"> Report Suites </span> &gt; <span class="uicontrol"> Edit Settings </span> &gt; <span class="uicontrol"> General </span> &gt; <span class="uicontrol"> Privacy Settings </span></p> <p> The <span class="term"> Remove users who have blocked all cookies on desktop browsers </span> setting prevents Adobe Analytics from reporting on site visitors who block all cookies on desktop browsers. When active, Analytics reports and projects exclude data collected from desktop browsers that do not accept cookies. If Adobe cannot recognize the browser, Analytics reports will include its data. A template segment is available to see what a report looks like if this setting is enabled. </p> <p> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/whitepapers/cookies/?f=browser_cookie_settings" format="https" scope="external"> More... </a> </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>


## Reports &amp; Analytics Fixes {#fixes_reports_analytics}


* Fixed an issue that occurred when using a segment across multiple report suites. (AN-104828)
* Changed the limit on the number of report suites that can display in the Admin Console while still displaying custom columns from 500 to 400. (AN-102864)
* Fixed an issue with the Content Aware service - column size was increased to 255 to allow for UTF-8 encoded data. (AN-103834)
* Fixed an issue with the Custom Conversion reports menu not loading in the UI.(AN-103816)
* Fixed an issue with conversion reports not getting generated in [!DNL  .pdf] format. (AN-103037)
* Fixed an issue with the graph in certain reports showing data for a future month. (AN-104372 and AN-101257)
* Fixed an issue with Show Segments not loading in dashboard reports. (AN-105088)
* Fixed an issue with dashboards showing unreadable line items. The line items were truncated in the middle of a multi-byte character. (AN-104940)
* Fixed an issue with custom calendars not returning correct data. (AN-103825)
* Fixed an issue where the PDF download was not working for metrics using the time format. (AN-101515)
* Fixed an issue that caused calculated metrics containing segments to return incorrect data. (AN-105320)

## Report Builder Fixes {#fixes_arb}

* Fixed an issue that caused the Total Minutes calculated metric to not show up in the user interface. (AN-105218)

## Ad Hoc Analysis Fixes {#fixes_ad_hoc}

* Fixed an issue with missing Cities data in the Cities report (GeoSegmentation). (AN-104987)
* Fixed an issue with conversion metrics not loading properly. (AN-104957)
* Fixed an issue that occurred when using more than 4 mathematical operations in the creation of a calculated metric, which resulted in an error. (AN-105362)


## Data Warehouse Fixes {#fixes_data_warehouse}

* Fixed variables/date range support for segments. (AN-105271)
* Fixed an issue where tableau files with UTF-8 characters did not get generated. (AN-75471)
* Fixed counter event metric de-duplication on reports with multiple products per hit, and breakdowns on classifications of product.
* Reporting results from the Page Views metric in Data Warehouse are now fully aligned with results in Reports &amp Analytics. (AN-97619)

## Clickstream Data Feed Fixes {#clickstream}

**Update 7/27/2015**: We are updating our data feed delivery infrastructure. We are adding additional IP addresses to the pool that we already use to deliver data feeds. If you have IP white list on your FTP sites that data feeds are delivering to, you will need to add these additional IP addresses to that white list. 

* London: 185.34.189.0/27, addition scheduled August 13, 2015)
* Oakland: 192.243.248.32/27, addition scheduled August 20, 2015
* Dallas: 66.235.153.96/27, addition scheduled August 27, 2015


## Analytics Web Services (SOAP and REST APIs) {#analytics_web_svcs}


<table id="table_64A874F04B18466FA5395ECE0C2C830D"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Feature </th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>New calculated metrics API methods </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>(From the June release.) We added API methods under a new Calculated Metrics module: <span class="varname"> CalculatedMetrics.Get </span> (see all the calculated metrics you have access to, or as an admin, all calculated metrics for the company), <span class="varname"> CalculatedMetrics.Save </span> (create new calculated metrics or update existing ones), <span class="varname"> CalculatedMetrics.Delete </span> and <span class="varname"> CalculatedMetrics.GetFunctions </span> (see the full list of allowed functions in the new calculated metrics definitions). </p> <p>See <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/developer/blog/new-calculated-metrics-and-the-apis" format="https" scope="external"> New Calculated Metrics and the APIs </a> for an overview, and <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/developer/documentation/segments-1-4/calculated-metrics" format="https" scope="external"> Calculated Metrics </a> for the APIs. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>


<table id="table_58D10A209DFB4BEBB1B5BE6E131EEB25"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Feature </th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/aam/?f=t_dcmlogs.html" format="https" scope="external"> DCM Integration </a> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>This self-service integration lets you import <span class="keyword"> DoubleClick Campaign Manager </span> (DCM) data in to <span class="keyword"> Audience Manager </span>. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/aam/?f=c_dcs_intro.html" format="https" scope="external"> Real-Time Data Transfers With the DCS API </a> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> New documentation that describes how to use the <span class="wintitle"> Data Collection Server </span> (DCS) as an API to send and receive user data in real-time. </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

**Fixes, Enhancements, and Deprecations** 

* Data Source API methods have been migrated to Swagger. See the [Audience Manager API Docs](https://bank.demdex.com/portal/swagger/index.html) for methods, syntax, and code samples.
* Fixed an issue that let you improperly add a trait from an [!UICONTROL  Audience Marketplace] data feed to an algorithmic model (AAM-16495).
* Fixed an issue with Firefox and [!UICONTROL  Destination Builder] that prevented you from adding a start date when mapping a segment to a destination (AAM-15785).
* Fixed an issue where the segment dialog box displayed inaccurate segment population numbers (AAM-15809).
* Fixed an issue in [!UICONTROL  Trait Builder] that displayed complex trait rules incorrectly when switching between the drag and drop editor and code view (AAM-15919).
* Fixed an issue with [!UICONTROL  Segment Builder] incorrectly estimated segment population size when creating a rule with another segment and recency/frequency limits (AAM-15982).
* Improved labels in the basic information window for a destination. Label changed to [!UICONTROL  Data Export Labels] from [!UICONTROL  Restrictions] (AAM-19824).

**Fixes, Enhancements, and Deprecations** 

* Fixed an issue that sometimes caused the download and send functions in the [!UICONTROL  Post Analytics] report to fail.
* Addressed many localization issues to improve the linguistic quality of text in the user interface, including standardizing terms, improving translations to better align text with the context, adding more context to translations, fixing grammar and punctuation errors, and localizing date/time strings.

Refer to the [Adobe Target Release Notes](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/target/rn/) for the latest release information about the following products: 

* Target Standard and Premium
* Target Classic
* Recommendations Classic
Advertising Management help is available in the product at  **[!UICONTROL  Help > Help Contents]**. 

[!DNL  Adobe Campaign] provides an intuitive, automated way to deliver one-to-one messages across online and offline marketing channels. You can now anticipate what your clients want using experiences determined by their habits and preferences. 

For product documentation, see: 

* [Adobe Campaign Standard Release Notes](https://docs.campaign.adobe.com/doc/standard/en/RN.html)
* [Adobe Campaign Standard Documentation](https://docs.campaign.adobe.com/doc/standard/en/home.html)
* [Adobe Campaign v6 Release Notes](http://support.neolane.net/doc/AC6.1/en/RN.html)
* [Adobe Campaign v6 Documentation](https://support.neolane.net/doc/AC6.1/en/home.html)

[!DNL  Adobe Experience Manager] is an enterprise web content management system that lets you author, manage, develop, and publish your web sites. 

For product documentation, see: 

* Release notes: [Adobe Experience Manager 6.1 Release Notes](http://docs.adobe.com/docs/en/aem/6-1/release-notes.html)
* Help home: [Adobe Experience Manager Help Home](http://docs.adobe.com)
* Scene7 Publishing System: [Scene7 Publishing System Release Notes](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/s7/release_notes/index.html)
* AEM Assets on Demand: [Release Notes](http://docs.adobe.com/content/docs/en/aod/overview/release-notes.html)

<table id="table_3C13024F4D754E2C98D7B8434A3497EF"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Item </th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
   <th colname="col3" class="entry"> Date Published </th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/whitepapers/first_party_cookies/?f=adobe_managed_cert_pgm" format="https" scope="external"> Adobe Managed Certificate Program </a> </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Added <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/whitepapers/first_party_cookies/?f=adobe_managed_cert_pgm" format="https" scope="external"> Adobe Managed Certificate Program </a> to the revamped <span class="term"> First-Party Cookies </span> product documentation. </p> <p>The managed certificate program lets you implement a new first-party SSL certificate for first-party cookies at no additional cost. </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>May 22, 2015 </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mobile/" format="dita" scope="local"> Mobile </a> </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Revamped the Adobe Mobile product documentation. </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>May 22, 2015 </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mcloud/index.html?f=core_services" format="https" scope="external"> Enabling Your Solutions for Core Services </a> </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>A high-level round-up what you need to do to modernize your solution implementations for core services. </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>March 19, 2015 </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mcloud/index.html?f=attributes" format="https" scope="external"> Customer Attributes </a> </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>If you capture enterprise customer data in a customer relationship management (CRM) database, you can upload that data into the Marketing Cloud. </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>March 19, 2015 </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <a href="../../c_legacy_releases/2015/03192015.md#concept_3DD490B0F7DD4157BD55519762B53B0C" format="dita" scope="local"> Analytics Spring Release </a> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>See the <a href="../../c_legacy_releases/2015/03192015.md#analytics" format="dita" scope="local"> New Features </a> section in Analytics for a round-up of new documentation for the Spring 2015 Analytics release. </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>March 19, 2015 </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Analytics <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/reference/classification_rule_set.html" format="https" scope="external"> Classification Rules </a> - overwrite existing values </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>In <span class="uicontrol"> Admin Tools </span> &gt; <span class="uicontrol"> Classification Rule Builder </span> &gt; <span class="term"> &amp;lt;rule set name&amp;gt; </span>, two new options enable you to select an overwrite mode: </p> 
    <ul id="ul_14E61CC9E94B431090539CB47A9B83D6"> 
     <li id="li_F77AEF4B136540E5A6E1040215999E85"> <b>Rules overwrite any existing values:</b> (Default setting) Always overwrite existing classification keys, including classifications uploaded via the importer (SAINT). </li> 
     <li id="li_0E82075DFBF04D1D8D686A5B95FCFB3E"> <b>Rules overwrite only unset values:</b> Only fill in blank (unset) cells. Existing classifications will not be changed. </li> 
    </ul> <p>Previously, if a key was already classified in any column or cell, the rule would not run on that key, and the row in the table was skipped. </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>February 19, 2015 </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>
