---
description: Learn about new features and fixes in the Adobe Marketing Cloud.
keywords: release notes
seo-description: Learn about new features and fixes in the Adobe Marketing Cloud.
seo-title: Release Notes - October 2015
solution: Experience Cloud,Release Notes
title: Release Notes - October 2015
uuid: 8b795bcf-243d-45a9-8725-4e9bad605243
index: y
internal: n
snippet: y
translate: y
---

# Release Notes - October 2015

Learn about new features and fixes in the Adobe Marketing Cloud.


>[!NOTE]
>
>To receive release notes one week prior to the monthly product update, subscribe to the[Adobe Priority Product Update](https://www.adobe.com/subscription/priority-product-update.html). Release information in the Priority Product Update comes one week in advance of the release date and is subject to change. Please check back at release time for updates. 

<!-- <p> 
 <note type="important">
   This page contains pre-release content and is subject to change at the time of release. Content added after the release is marked 
  <b>new</b>, along with the date added. 
  <!--Use this note instead of the beta banner. Remove this note before localizing the file.--> 
 </note> </p> -->

## Experience Cloud and Core Services

### Marketing Cloud 15.10 {#marketing_cloud_interface}

Release date: **October 14, 2015**

**Known Issues** 

* Customers are not able to log into Report Builder if they SSO into Analytics via the Marketing Cloud. This issue does not impact customers using legacy Analytics credentials.
* Known issue with the "Link to Report" function in Analytics. Customers logging into Analytics via the Marketing Cloud are directed to a non-SSO login page for Analytics when trying to share a report.
See [Marketing Cloud Product Documentation](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mcloud/) for product help. 

### Adobe Mobile Services {#mobile}

The Mobile Services October 15, 2015 release includes the following changes: 

**New Features** 

<table id="table_D01BAD87E351453EA70A66B3B56F11F6"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Resource </th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Digital Publishing Solution (DPS) support </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Apps created from Digital Publishing Solution (DPS) have access to the Mobile core service user interface through Analytics Essentials - DPS. </p> <p>Updated DPS reports for Digital Publishing apps. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

**Fixes** 

* Many fixes around the push messaging feature.

See [Adobe Mobile Services](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mobile/) for product documentation. To see the release notes for previous releases, expand *Previous Release Notes* in the left pane. 

The Mobile Services SDK October 15, 2015 release includes the following changes: 

<table id="table_41814D62E9A9489591FCCF553C7BAD8F"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Resource </th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>TV OS support </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>TV OS is supported for Apple TV. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Bloodhound </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Processing rules are supported in Bloodhound. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

### Dynamic Tag Management {#dtm}

The September 22, 2015 dynamic tag management release includes the following changes: 

**New Features** 

<table id="table_7CE66B92C8C1407185AB0E42DCB4972F"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Feature </th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr valign="top"> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Marketing Cloud Visitor ID Service Tool </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>The newest library version (1.5.2) will enable improved customer ID support, added support for authenticated state and improved multi-solution integration. </p> <p>The newest version is completely compatible with current deployments of the Marketing Cloud Visitor ID Service via DTM. To help all users benefit from this update we will automatically migrate your account to the new Marketing Cloud ID Service library. </p> <p>As a result of this migration you will see added functionality to your Marketing Cloud Visitor ID Service tool in DTM. We suggest that you test this update in your staging environment before publishing. </p> <p>The DTM team strives to add value for our customers, and we are confident that you will see this realized in the update to the Marketing Cloud Visitor ID Service tool. </p> <p>For more information, see <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/dtm/?f=macid" format="https" scope="external"> Marketing Cloud ID Service Settings </a>. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

**Fixes and Enhancements: ** 

* Fixed an issue when editing user groups that caused user groups from other companies to be removed.
* Fixed a security concern with rules using non-sequential HTML code. Please re-publish your web properties for the fix to take effect.


See [What's New in Dynamic Tag Management](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/dtm/whatsnew.html) for current and cumulative release notes, help, and documentation updates. 

>[!IMPORTANT]
>
>In January 2016, Adobe will end support for Internet Explorer 9 and 10. You can continue to use earlier browser versions, but Adobe will not test against earlier versions, and will not fix any issues with them. Your browser experience may degrade over time, and you run a security risk by using such a browser. Adobe strongly recommends that you upgrade to a supported version.


>[!IMPORTANT]
>
>In January 2016, Adobe will disable SSL v3 protocol support for security purposes, and end SSL v3 traffic for [!DNL  Adobe Analytics] data collection. Adobe will be reaching out to customers that are significantly impacted by this action soon. 

## Analytics

### New Features and Functionality Changes in Analytics {#features_analytics}


<!-- Note to Blake: I alphabetized these entries for better scanning, adding the component/solution before the feature/change. Meike -->

<table id="table_91D1FD20C4C1411292252364328677AF"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Feature/Change </th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Ad Hoc Analysis: Creating segments from fallout reports </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>A change was made to how Ad Hoc Analysis creates segments from a Fallout Report. </p> <p>Previously, the segment you created from the Fallout Report ignored any segments applied at the report or workspace level and only included sequential rules for the checkpoints in the report. </p> <p>To get the segment generated on the Fallout Report to produce the same numbers as the Fallout Report, we now embed the segment(s) from the report and workspace level into each checkpoint from the fallout report. (AN-107416) </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Analysis Workspace: Project Landing Pages </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> <span class="uicontrol"> Analysis Workspace </span> &gt; <span class="uicontrol"> More </span> &gt; <span class="uicontrol"> Set as Landing Page </span></p> <p>In the <span class="wintitle"> Actions </span> menu in <span class="wintitle"> Analysis Workspace </span>, you can set a project as your landing page. </p> <p>You can also set a project as the landing page for others. To do so, enable <span class="uicontrol"> Set as Landing Page for Recipients </span> when <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/analytics/analysis-workspace/?f=curate" format="https" scope="external"> sharing a project </a>. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Data Warehouse: Column Case Sensitivity </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Changes were made to column case sensitivity: In the past, Data Warehouse reported versions of case-insensitive variables that were not encountered in the data at all. </p> <p>With this fix, Data Warehouse will report the first value encountered in the reporting period. (AN-93365, AN-99194, AN-101916, AN-106345). </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Data Warehouse: Segment Stacking </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Added support for multiple segments (segment stacking) to Data Warehouse. </p> <p>When selecting multiple segments, the preview area now shows a comma-separated list of names (e.g. Segment 1, Segment 2). We also updated the Request Manager page and the Request Detail popup window to display the comma-separated list. (AN-100893) </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Reports &amp Analytics: E-Commerce Tracking </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>We have enabled e-commerce tracking for all report suites that previously did not have it. In some rare cases, report suites were set up without e-commerce reporting capabilities (eVars, custom events, shopping cart metrics, etc.). Data processing will not change, but some users may notice that e-commerce metrics and dimensions that were previously hidden will now show up in their reports. </p> <p>Key areas affected are menus and metric lists. These additional metrics and dimensions will show up in the APIs as well. This change impacts mostly non-commerce web sites that do not count revenue and other e-commerce-related metrics. You can disable these metrics in <span class="uicontrol"> Admin </span> &gt; <span class="uicontrol"> Report Suites </span>&gt; <span class="uicontrol"> Success Events </span>. Any unwanted dimensions can be filtered using the menu customizer. AN-112573 </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Reports &amp Analytics: Page Views metric </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Going forward, the 'Summary' pathing reports (e.g. Page Summary) for props will correctly label the metric in the report as Instances rather than Page Views. This will not impact standard Custom Traffic/prop reports. (AN-108441) </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Reports &amp Analytics: Hierarchy Views metric </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>To improve consistency throughout Analytics, the Hierarchy Views metric is being renamed to Page Views, and an Instances metric will be made available in the Hierarchy report. </p> <p>Before August 2015, the Hierarchy Views metric was equivalent to Instances. From 20 August 2015 to 15 October 2015, the Hierarchy Views metric was equivalent to Page Views as a result of a change in the system. Removing the Hierarchy Views metric entirely will ensure that users have a better understanding of the data it represents, because they’ll be able to use either Page Views or Instances explicitly. AN-108569 </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Reports &amp Analytics: Real-Time reports </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>In Real-Time reports, you can now compare current data to last week’s and last year’s values (as well as the total for today). </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Reports &amp Analytics: Hide metrics and events </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>You can now hide standard (built-in) metrics, custom events, and built-in events in the Menu, Metric Selectors, Calculated Metric Builder, and Segment Builder. </p> <p>Change metric/event visibility by going to <span class="uicontrol"> Admin </span> &gt; <span class="uicontrol"> Report Suites </span> &gt; <span class="uicontrol"> Edit Settings </span>&gt; <span class="uicontrol"> Conversion </span> &gt; <span class="uicontrol"> Success Events </span> and setting the <span class="wintitle"> Visibility </span> column to either <span class="uicontrol"> Visible Everywhere </span>, <span class="uicontrol"> Metric Builder only </span>, or <span class="uicontrol"> Hidden Everywhere </span>. </p> <p>This setting does not impact the data collection for that metric; it affects only its visibility in the user interface. AN-97634 </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Reports &amp Analytics: Export to CSV </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>An <span class="uicontrol"> Export to .CSV </span> option is now available in the Segment Manager, Calculated Metric Manager, Project Manager and Date Range Manager interfaces. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>


### Analytics Fixes {#analyticsfixes}

Fixes were applied to the following products and services: 

<table id="table_A51B298EEEB5482383505B8C5A79E1B9"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Product </th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Fixes </th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> Reports &amp Analytics </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> 
     <ul id="ul_7CC12EBCEBD943B1B329594D13DCF66C"> 
      <li id="li_294227DF6E1346F18F5FA38805A5C2C3">Fixed an issue where a user was unable to create segments because of the large number of report suites that the user had access to - hence causing an error. ( AN-113425, AN-113211) </li> 
      <li id="li_423E0671AC274503B663BF6041F524BE">Fixed an issue with Admin password settings for User Management in Admin Tools. (AN-108518) </li> 
      <li id="li_D2F4B76D4C9F405993CAE7DA823F82C4">Calculated Metric Builder: The Average Time Spent on Site metric now displays with decimal points. (AN-108411) </li> 
      <li id="li_F4879D2E0A22443DB8811250643088B0">In the Segment Manager, fixed a Segment UI and Metrics UI issue that caused the Edit option to be unavailable. (AN-112980) </li> 
      <li id="li_AD2CF91D2E424496928298AA7D02E62F">Fixed a graph error in the Page Views report, where some months showed up as duplicates and others were dropped off. (AN-106056) </li> 
      <li id="li_5E9626EA732846739041C0F54F9FEC23">Fixed an issue where the full-screen view in Real-Time reports did not work properly. (AN-90939) </li> 
      <li id="li_B570965956E24B16B4DE675D429B4B3C">Fixed an issue where the notice “Some of this data is provided by a previous data platform” displayed erroneously. (AN-108230) </li> 
      <li id="li_4BAD5C5945FA4F509504D1BF81A0AE1E">Fixed an issue that caused the scheduled data extract to fail to deliver to any email ID, even when it was manually scheduled. (AN-113166) </li> 
      <li id="li_9D004E50E2C04281B23EC577A0D55CB2">Fixed an issue that prevented Ad Hoc Analysis from being activated in Admin Tools. (AN-113242) </li> 
      <li id="li_39E9C2EC0CDE47D29B7D664A5B1CB116">Fixed an issue that prevented product and merchandising eVars from getting credit for data uploaded via transaction ID data sources. (AN-106247) </li> 
      <li id="li_9CAFA783BB204C48864D222214CE034E">Made a change to the custom conversion variables page in the Admin Console. If <span class="wintitle"> Product Syntax </span> is selected under <span class="wintitle"> Merchandising </span>, then the Merchandising Binding Event section is disabled and not selectable for edit. Binding events are not applicable if Product Syntax is selected. (AN-108618) </li> 
     </ul> </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> Analysis Workspace Fixes </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> 
     <ul id="ul_A3DC36932BAD4A6DA9E36FEC5D4CB8F1"> 
      <li id="li_DA760F6433A74E7FA5C10FFD3C78E447"> Fixed an issue that caused Cohort Analysis to return incorrect metric values in some situations. As a result of this fix, we added the following restrictions to Cohort Analysis: 
       <ul id="ul_5A581E7EB08A4E1B97FC4BAABE521143"> 
        <li id="li_1AFB02332DC04871A6A8B842E531FA6E"> You cannot use numeric or currency events, such as Units or Revenue. </li> 
        <li id="li_CC2AD859A0E84E07A9E89E64F28A671C"> Limit the value of inclusion and return metric to 9 (i.e., you can do Installs &amp;gt;= 9, but not Installs &amp;gt;= 10). (AN-113410) </li> 
       </ul></li> 
      <li id="li_2D0B8C62A6E04DF7B402B65655E09369">Fixed an interface issue causing opened pop-up panels to move as you scroll in the browser. (AN-113063) </li> 
      <li id="li_B46F0231A8644F5CAD2C85B1B9833FC2">Added the message "No items found" when a tag search does not find tags for the search term. (AN-113036) </li> 
      <li id="li_4BD5B93A7CC54F2E8417076B2F936292"> Fixed an issue occurring when you apply a tag filter. The filter was not being removed from the list of available tag filters. (AN-113034) </li> 
      <li id="li_0E9475EFC53A4EE799889CB917A0651D">Fixed an issue preventing a project description from persisting when the project is shared. (AN-112963) </li> 
      <li id="li_F4D394B62F9D4E0E9B0D0AD9937D3E02">Fixed an issue preventing tags from being included in a shared project. (AN-112955) </li> 
      <li id="li_2A9E7073734D44F9B58BC0A8209D326D">Fixed an issue affecting the browser's Back button. When loading Analysis Workspace, you could not click Back to return to the previous Analytics page. (AN-112953) </li> 
      <li id="li_3DB5F67DFF1446A98E7ADF624DD13B25">Fixed a randomly occurring issue preventing certain project settings (such as the project name) from persisting in a shared project. (AN-112913) </li> 
      <li id="li_E2E3078C48A0488D8924C7B1AA7C3CEC">Fixed a components issue occurring after curation, which caused components to disappear when changing the report suite. (AN-112912) </li> 
      <li id="li_1E8AE67C6EAF4265A46C2ADEFF4CB677"> Fixed a display issue occurring when using the Summary Number and Summary Change visualizations. Now, both summary values display the value from the Totals row if no table cells are selected. (AN-112582) </li> 
      <li id="li_18D94F57045242A78B62C2F36953116B">Fixed an issue occurring after session expiry, causing the loss of unsaved progress. (AN-112554) </li> 
      <li id="li_3617575621EC4E5D922B3F2FC5F78E25">Fixed a layout issue in the Manage Data Sources pop-up, which occurred in certain languages. (AN-108604) </li> 
     </ul> </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> Ad Hoc Analysis Fixes </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> 
    <ul id="ul_F8D57EF0085447C8B2E42B86BF78255A"> 
     <li id="li_71D9BB249AA643A9A3832DEBD0FC6A04"> <p>Ad Hoc Analysis now lets you edit embedded deleted segments within the Calculated Metric builder and lets you perform a “Save as” operation on that segment. However, any other locations that are referencing the deleted segment will remain unchanged. (AN-106807) </p> </li> 
    </ul> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> Data Warehouse </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Renamed breakdown and metric "Time Spent on Page" to "Total Seconds Spent" to be consistent with the user interface. (AN-113381) </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> Data Workbench </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>See <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/insight/whatsnew/c_6_5_.html" format="https" scope="external"> Data Workbench 6.5 updates </a> for additional release information. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>


### Data Connectors {#data_connectors}


<table id="table_EB41B58525CA4A469631AE9FBF6B1929"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Feature </th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> appFigures Mobile integration </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> The integration with appFigures now enables you to have your app performance data from app stores in Analytics and <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mobile/?f=c_app_store" format="https" scope="external"> Mobile UI </a>. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

## Audience Manager

<table id="table_A6749BA62D5B40479B949EA1C64E4B7F"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Feature </th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Private Data Feeds for Audience Marketplace </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Available at the end of October, a private data feed is an option that lets providers control buyer access to their data. Providers can make feeds private when they are offering special deals or other exclusive offers to selected customers. See <span class="term"> Private Data Feeds </span> in the <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/aam/?f=c_audience_marketplace.html" format="https" scope="external"> Audience Marketplace documentation </a>. (AAM-16621) </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

**Fixes, Enhancements, and Deprecations** 

* Fixed an issue that added an extra encoded ampersand in a URL destination. (AAM-21214)
* Fixed an issue in [!UICONTROL  Audience Marketplace] to prevent different buyers from the same organization from making multiple access requests for a feed if a request has already been submitted. (AAM-21261)
* Made changes to improve the accuracy of the trait overlap diagram in [!UICONTROL  Audience Marketplace]. (AAM-20391)

**New and Revised Documentation** 

New documentation describes how to pass in data provider IDs and user IDs with ` d_cid` and ` d_cid_ic`. These new variables replace ` d_dpid` + ` d_dpuuid` combinations, which are still supported but considered deprecated. See [CID Replaces DPID and DPUUID](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/aam/?f=cid.html). 

## Social

**Fixes** 

This [!DNL  Social] release focuses on improved performance, scalability, usability, and reliability. The fixes highlighted below describe resolutions for the more important customer-reported issues. 

* Fixed an issue that caused incorrect data to display for LinkedIn posts in the [!UICONTROL  Properties] report.
* Fixed an issue that caused the [!UICONTROL  Properties Overview] export to return the incorrect number of LinkedIn posts.
* Fixed an issue that prevented users from changing the owner of tag groups.
* Fixed an issue that caused the description for targeted photo albums to display twice in Facebook.

## Target

Refer to the [Adobe Target Release Notes](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/target/rn/) for the latest release information about the following products: 

* Target Standard and Premium
* Target Classic
* Recommendations Classic

## Key Documentation Updates

<table id="table_D245BAB62A304D5B9018375ABFEFFC09"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Item </th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
   <th colname="col3" class="entry"> Date Published </th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>(Updated) <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mcloud/?f=user_mgmt_admin" format="https" scope="external"> Users and Groups </a></p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Analytics Administrators: If you are an administrator in the Marketing Cloud, see <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mcloud/?f=user_mgmt_admin" format="https" scope="external"> Users and Groups </a> for updated information about mapping Analytics groups to broader Adobe groups, and adding or bulk-adding users via the <a href="http://aedash.adobe.com/" format="http" scope="external"> Enterprise Dashboard </a>. </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>September 17, 2015 </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/analytics/analysis-workspace/" format="https" scope="external"> Analysis Workspace </a> </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Updated Analysis Workspace product documentation with feature descriptions, tasks for creating projects, videos, and use cases. </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>September 17, 2015 </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/sc/implement/?f=timestamp-optional" format="https" scope="external"> Timestamps Optional </a> </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Added product documentation and best practices for Timestamps Optional. This feature lets you integrate both timestamped and non-timestamped data in a report suite. All new report suites will be Timestamps Optional by default. </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>September 17, 2015 </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/insight/whatsnew/?f=c_6_5_" format="https" scope="external"> Data Workbench 6.5 Update </a> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> See Data Workbench 6.5 release notes for instructions to upgrade and a list of new features and bug fixes, including a new Associations table and chord diagram and updates to visualizations, user interface, algorithms, and export features. </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> September 17, 2015 </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/reference/?f=classification_rule_definitions" format="https" scope="external"> Select Report Suites and Variables </a> </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Updated the Classification Rule Builder so that you add report suites and variables to a rule set when editing an existing rule set (after creating the rule set). Previously, you specified the variable and report suite while creating the rule set. This change prevents reported issues occurring with classification variables. </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>August 20, 2015 </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/aam/?f=profile-link-intro.html" format="https" scope="external"> Profile Link </a> </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Profile Link works with cross-device data sources to identify and collect traits for authenticated site visitors. It includes the Profile Merge Rules feature, which lets you segment and target users accurately across multiple devices. </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>August 20, 2015 </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> New <a href="https://marketing-beta.adobe.com/resources/help/analytics/calcmetrics/" format="https" scope="external"> Calculated Metric Builder </a> and Calculated Metric Manager </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Calculated Metrics now allow for segmented metrics, more advanced math and the ability to organize and share metrics. </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>June 18, 2015 </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/analytics/freeform/index.html" format="https" scope="external"> Freeform Analysis </a> (public beta) </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>A feature in Analysis Workspace, freeform analysis lets you built data tables and drag-and-drop metrics, dimensions, segments, and multiple visualizations to a project panel. </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>June 18, 2015 </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/insight/whatsnew/" format="https" scope="external"> Data Workbench 6.4 </a> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Data Workbench 6.4 release includes several new features described <a href="../../c_legacy_releases/2015/06182015.md#features_analytics_premium" format="dita" scope="local"> here </a>. </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>June 18, 2015 </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/whitepapers/first_party_cookies/?f=adobe_managed_cert_pgm" format="https" scope="external"> Adobe Managed Certificate Program </a> </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Added <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/whitepapers/first_party_cookies/?f=adobe_managed_cert_pgm" format="https" scope="external"> Adobe Managed Certificate Program </a> to the revamped <span class="term"> First-Party Cookies </span> product documentation. </p> <p>The managed certificate program lets you implement a new first-party SSL certificate for first-party cookies at no additional cost. </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>May 22, 2015 </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mobile/" format="https" scope="external"> Mobile </a> </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Revamped the Adobe Mobile product documentation. </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>May 22, 2015 </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mcloud/index.html?f=core_services" format="https" scope="external"> Enabling Your Solutions for Core Services </a> </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>A high-level round-up what you need to do to modernize your solution implementations for core services. </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>March 19, 2015 </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mcloud/index.html?f=attributes" format="https" scope="external"> Customer Attributes </a> </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>If you capture enterprise customer data in a customer relationship management (CRM) database, you can upload that data into the Marketing Cloud. </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>March 19, 2015 </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <a href="../../c_legacy_releases/2015/03192015.md#concept_3DD490B0F7DD4157BD55519762B53B0C" format="dita" scope="local"> Analytics Spring Release </a> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>See the <a href="../../c_legacy_releases/2015/03192015.md#analytics" format="dita" scope="local"> New Features </a> section in Analytics for a round-up of new documentation for the Spring 2015 Analytics release. </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>March 19, 2015 </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Analytics <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/reference/classification_rule_set.html" format="https" scope="external"> Classification Rules </a> - overwrite existing values </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>In <span class="uicontrol"> Admin Tools </span> &gt; <span class="uicontrol"> Classification Rule Builder </span> &gt; <span class="term"> &amp;lt;rule set name&amp;gt; </span>, two new options enable you to select an overwrite mode: </p> 
    <ul id="ul_0CF49177F4C84540B43A778EC7317FB0"> 
     <li id="li_01B970B834C548628C720E4CD79CEFD4"> <b>Rules overwrite any existing values:</b> (Default setting) Always overwrite existing classification keys, including classifications uploaded via the importer (SAINT). </li> 
     <li id="li_CA05A9D2C63A42DFA04FD0C66AFA38F4"> <b>Rules overwrite only unset values:</b> Only fill in blank (unset) cells. Existing classifications will not be changed. </li> 
    </ul> <p>Previously, if a key was already classified in any column or cell, the rule would not run on that key, and the row in the table was skipped. </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>February 19, 2015 </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

