---
description: Dynamic tag management release, Testing and Targeting Essentials in the Marketing Cloud interface, Analytics 1.4 (anomaly detection, real-time reporting, data workbench propensity scoring), mobile services updates, Social 3.1.
keywords: release notes
seo-description: Dynamic tag management release, Testing and Targeting Essentials in the Marketing Cloud interface, Analytics 1.4 (anomaly detection, real-time reporting, data workbench propensity scoring), mobile services updates, Social 3.1.
seo-title: Release Notes - October 17 2013
solution: Experience Cloud,Release Notes
title: Release Notes - October 17 2013
---

# Release Notes - October 17 2013

Last updated: **October 29 2013**

Release date: **October 17 2013**

<p class="head"> <b> <span class="keyword">Marketing Cloud</span> and Cloud Services</b> </p>


* [Marketing Cloud and Cloud Services](10172013.md#concept_5FEEB9ED36D64A9694E313BC086550FA/section_18433C5872FD4C8C9CF745224ABCD50F)
* [Dynamic Tag Management](10172013.md#concept_5FEEB9ED36D64A9694E313BC086550FA/section_27C23F162CE7443B9CBDBCE47E3E736F)
* [Adobe Mobile services](10172013.md#concept_5FEEB9ED36D64A9694E313BC086550FA/section_6349293559DE4FBDB2BF0514E1C01482)
* [Data Connectors](10172013.md#concept_5FEEB9ED36D64A9694E313BC086550FA/section_AA052DFD541C4AE184479944A94E51A7)

<p id="top" class="head"> <b> <span class="keyword">Adobe Analytics 1.4</span> </b> </p>


* [Adobe Analytics 1.4 new features](10172013.md#concept_5FEEB9ED36D64A9694E313BC086550FA/section_47BB85DAED594B5DA8F0A7EA35A1D124)
* [Marketing reports &amp; analytics](10172013.md#concept_5FEEB9ED36D64A9694E313BC086550FA/section_916927579EEA4F48B7B5760C5261DDFB)
* [Report builder 4.7](10172013.md#concept_5FEEB9ED36D64A9694E313BC086550FA/section_B14E5BE3BDEA4098AE53B98691A60CEC)
* [Ad hoc analysis](10172013.md#concept_5FEEB9ED36D64A9694E313BC086550FA/section_ACDB08468BAF4491A37FA48FAD2E9BB2)
* [Data workbench](10172013.md#concept_5FEEB9ED36D64A9694E313BC086550FA/section_A9A32A8B5206400491C19FD03BC7EEF7)
* [Data warehouse](10172013.md#concept_5FEEB9ED36D64A9694E313BC086550FA/section_37E4ED50B2E343F584C799A2BBEE4DC4)
* [Clickstream data feeds](10172013.md#concept_5FEEB9ED36D64A9694E313BC086550FA/section_78FB1710E2BE4A32805B98A8701AEEDE)
* [SiteCatalyst 14.9 upgrade notice](10172013.md#concept_5FEEB9ED36D64A9694E313BC086550FA/section_53B4C9D4A95C4E5BAC0C75BC8415026E)
* [SiteCatalyst 13.5 end of life](10172013.md#concept_5FEEB9ED36D64A9694E313BC086550FA/section_C2DA26B1E17F43BE965E190C2088AABD)

<p class="head"> <b> <span class="keyword">Adobe Social 3.1</span> </b> </p>

[Adobe Social 3.1](10172013.md#concept_5FEEB9ED36D64A9694E313BC086550FA/section_DBF6DAB7D5974F25B7150F80288F80B0)

<p class="head"> <b> <span class="keyword">Adobe Target</span> </b> </p>

* [Adobe Testing and Targeting Standard 1.1](10172013.md#concept_5FEEB9ED36D64A9694E313BC086550FA/section_79FA6A61D2284D41A34F00014A342F07)
* [Recommendations and Cross-Selling](10172013.md#concept_5FEEB9ED36D64A9694E313BC086550FA/section_0773A59A01744E619F78D5F321FB1354)
* [Search&amp;Promote](10172013.md#concept_5FEEB9ED36D64A9694E313BC086550FA/section_3F18C98BF09D4E10AD759C403F543162) **Updated 10/29**
<p class="head"> <b>Adobe <span class="keyword">Media Optimizer</span></b> </p>


* [Audience Management](10172013.md#concept_5FEEB9ED36D64A9694E313BC086550FA/section_A8AF32E4E4F5429EADF25A9C9B431E5A)
* Advertising management
  In AdLens, click **Help** &gt; **Help Contents** for the latest information.
  
  

<p class="head"> <b>Adobe <span class="keyword">Experience Manager</span></b> </p>

* [Adobe Experience Manager](http://dev.day.com/docs/en/cq/current/release_notes/overview.html)
* [Scene7 Publishing System Release Notes](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/s7/release_notes/index.html)
## Marketing Cloud {#section_18433C5872FD4C8C9CF745224ABCD50F}

[Adobe Testing and Targeting Essentials](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/tnt/help/) is now accessible from the Marketing Cloud interface. You can visually create and manage A/B tests and rules-based targeting activities, and connect to the Adobe Marketing Cloud. Essentials offers a simplified implementation strategy with your digital properties: just a single line of code on each page manages all communication required between your site and Adobe Target.

[Dynamic tag management](10172013.md#concept_5FEEB9ED36D64A9694E313BC086550FA/section_27C23F162CE7443B9CBDBCE47E3E736F) is also now available from the Marketing Cloud (see below).

[Top](10172013.md#concept_5FEEB9ED36D64A9694E313BC086550FA/top)

## Dynamic Tag Management {#section_27C23F162CE7443B9CBDBCE47E3E736F}

Adobe now offers dynamic tag management, the market-leading solution that reduces the need for IT resources and allows you to quickly manage tags and distribute data. It is part of `keyword Adobe Marketing Cloud`, and available to customers at no additional cost.

[More Information](http://www.adobe.com/solutions/digital-marketing/dynamic-tag-management.html)

[Documentation](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/dtm/)

[Top](10172013.md#concept_5FEEB9ED36D64A9694E313BC086550FA/top)

## Adobe Analytics 1.4 new features {#section_47BB85DAED594B5DA8F0A7EA35A1D124}

The `keyword Adobe Analytics` 1.4 release provides the following enhancements to `keyword Analytics` capabilities:

<table id="table_E60647CE81BC4F70A16D805D77A2DB0B"> 
 <tgroup cols="2"> 
  <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1" colwidth="1.00*" /> 
  <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2" colwidth="3.30*" /> 
  <thead> 
   <tr> 
    <th colname="col1" class="entry">Feature</th> 
    <th colname="col2" class="entry">Description</th> 
   </tr> 
  </thead> 
  <tbody> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1">Anomaly detection</td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>The initial launch of anomaly detection uses statistical modeling to automatically find unexpected trends in your data. The model analyzes metrics and determines a <span class="term">lower bound</span>, <span class="term">upper bound</span>, and <span class="term">expected</span> range of values. When an unexpected spike or drop occurs, the system alerts you in the report. </p> <p>This feature helps you separate "true signals" from "noise" and identify potential factors that contributed to those signals or anomalies. You can then identify the root cause of a true anomaly. Furthermore, you can get reliable metric (KPI) forecasts.</p> <p>Examples of anomalies you might investigate include:</p> 
     <ul id="ul_B82F5208BFFD4633A08FD97E083007A5"> 
      <li id="li_B41612F0FAEA4F5DB32BE771A65347C1">Drastic drops in average order value</li> 
      <li id="li_3419A31BD33746E0BCE0261C3F87723E">Spikes in orders with low revenue</li> 
      <li id="li_ABB045FEC3F942569D14D2DA35EBFD3B">Spikes or drops in trial registrations</li> 
      <li id="li_187F1383806449F28FF14733904F0CF2">Drops in landing page views</li> 
     </ul> <p>You can report anomalies on overall metric totals and metrics totals segmented by dimension values. Anomaly detection is available in the marketing reports &amp; analytics and report builder capabilities of Adobe Analytics, and the web services API.</p> <p>See <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/reference/?f=anomaly" format="http" scope="external">anomaly detection</a>. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1">Real-time reporting</td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>Lets you understand real-time trends in your data from minute to minute, within seconds of collection. Real-time reporting provides an auto-updating reporting, real-time correlation, and tracking of both content and conversion. The data is refreshed every 10-15 seconds.</p> <p>You can view trends in your data from minute-to-minute as it is collected. Real-time reporting provides a auto-updating reports, real-time correlation, and tracking of both content and conversion. This lets you visually report traffic and cart metric trending for news and retail web sites.</p> <p>Real-time reporting is available in the marketing reports &amp; analytics and report builder capabilities of Adobe Analytics, and the web services API.</p> <p>See <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/reference/?f=realtime" format="http" scope="external">real-time reports</a>. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1">Simplified reports menu</td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>Marketing reports &amp; analytics now provides an optional, simplified menu organized around common analytics metrics, to help new users quickly find and run reports.</p> <p>See <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/reference/?f=t_simplified_menu" format="http" scope="external">simplified reports menu</a>. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1">New visualizations</td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>Ad hoc analysis includes updated charting libraries to enhance the data visualizations. These improvements render the visualizations as more usable and interactive, including:</p> 
     <ul id="ul_58AED2A2B7C44E07B96B22915EA800BE"> 
      <li id="li_C72A3C5E3B4443D39053926A2E50CCCE">Enhanced highlighting</li> 
      <li id="li_BBE9F2BEE8254DD39FC64B7220BDE424">Auto-resizing of charts and axes</li> 
      <li id="li_CA2C8DFE9BE24D6D8E4F7346A66CB796">Ability to zoom and pan the chart</li> 
      <li id="li_3C32D105C191461B9938A97AD7D4D6E3">Support for the display of statistical calculations through overlays of lines and ranges</li> 
     </ul> <p>Additionally, ad hoc analysis now provides overlay visualizations of statistical calculations for reports that display data over time.</p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1">Statistical calculation overlays</td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>Ad hoc analysis now provides overlay visualizations of statistical calculations for reports that display data over time (minutes, hours, days, weeks). Using the new <span class="uicontrol">Statistics</span> button, you can apply overlays across a report time line for the median, mean, standard deviation, and other statistical calculations. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1">Statistical calculations</td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>Ad hoc analysis and data workbench capabilities now provide high-level statistical calculations previously performed by exporting data to third-party applications such as Microsoft Excel.</p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1">Statistical correlations</td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>Adobe Analytics Premium with the data workbench capability (formerly Insight) now provides new statistical correlations to identify hidden opportunities for more advanced data mining, including correlations within audience clustering, visitor response scoring, and other predictive analytics features.</p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1">Model viewer</td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>Adobe Analytics Premium includes the Model Viewer to input variables into the Propensity Scoring feature to display as either a positive or negative influence. Input variables showing a high positive coefficient and small margin of error are the most significant predictors for describing and identifying successful target audiences and campaigns.</p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1">Lift and Gain charts</td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>Adobe Analytics Premium now includes Lift and Gain charts when employing the Propensity Scoring feature. This new feature in the data workbench capability allows you to identify the potential increase within a scored data model when evaluating responses from specific, rather than random, customer populations.</p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1">Heartbeat video</td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>Heartbeat is a new video data collection service that collects and aggregates video metrics for reporting in Analytics. During video playback, frequent "heartbeat" calls are sent to this service to measure time played. These heartbeat calls are typically less then 10 seconds apart, which results in granular video engagement metrics and more accurate video fallout reports. Heartbeat video also provides a streamlined implementation process using dedicated solution variables and new video reports.</p> <p>Heartbeat video is now available for Adobe Flash, and coming soon for other web and mobile platforms.</p> <p>See <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/sc/appmeasurement/hbvideo/" format="http" scope="external">measuring video using heartbeat</a>. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1">Video Ad Tracking</td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>Video ad tracking is now an integrated part of video tracking. For video streams, video ads are tracked using dedicated video ad solution variables to track starts, time spent, completes, and ad/pod IDs. Ad data is integrated directly in the new heartbeat video reports.</p> <p>See <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/sc/appmeasurement/hbvideo/?f=video_reports" format="http" scope="external">new video reports</a>. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1">Mobile AppMeasurement SDKs</td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>New Marketing Cloud 4.x SDKs were written from the ground up make implementation simpler, faster, and easier. The 4.x SDKs provide Adobe Analytics, Adobe Target, and audience management support in you iOS and Android mobile app.</p> <p>New features include:</p> 
     <ul id="ul_5370D6F41A4A4967818E1C20B02105A6"> 
      <li id="li_C0C6DE67E8194959AC2E0C505D474CE6">Geofencing and points-of-interest (POI)</li> 
      <li id="li_8F027ECFEF3D4AFE9F597D623E85A8CC">Lifetime value</li> 
      <li id="li_3151F6A607C04B108C5AFC124100D9F7">Timed events</li> 
      <li id="li_03064771EF6942BCAB22152C73913BED">Opt-in/Opt-out management</li> 
      <li id="li_0ABD9F3809CB450C90F9C27D5589394E">Performance enhancements</li> 
      <li id="li_DAC149234BB844A0A9AC25C74F6918B9">Seamless workflow of lifecycle, POI, and lifetime value data between Analytics and Target</li> 
      <li id="li_2473829F321B42F6B4B44536E0259718">Simplified implementation and many other improvements and enhancements</li> 
     </ul> <p> <a href="https://developer.omniture.com/en_US/gallery/app-measurement-for-ios" format="https" scope="external">iOS SDK 4.x for Marketing Cloud Solutions</a> </p> <p> <a href="https://developer.omniture.com/en_US/gallery/app-measurement-for-android-1" format="https" scope="external">Android SDK 4.x for Marketing Cloud Solutions</a> </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
  </tbody> 
 </tgroup> 
</table>

[Analytics Help Home](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/reference/)

[Top](10172013.md#concept_5FEEB9ED36D64A9694E313BC086550FA/top)

## Marketing reports & analytics {#section_916927579EEA4F48B7B5760C5261DDFB}

**New features**

See [Adobe Analytics 1.4 new features](10172013.md#concept_5FEEB9ED36D64A9694E313BC086550FA/section_47BB85DAED594B5DA8F0A7EA35A1D124).

**Currency conversion on currency events outside of the product string**

In a previous release, support was added for currency events outside of the products string.

On October 10 2013, a change was made to perform currency conversion on these events if `codeph s.currencyCode` is also set. See [Multi-Currency Support](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/whitepapers/currency/) for more information.

>[!IMPORTANT]
>
>If currency conversion is not required, make sure that`codeph s.currencyCode` is set to an empty string to prevent data loss. If conversion is required, make sure that `codeph s.currencyCode` is set to a [valid code](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/whitepapers/currency/?f=currency_codes).
**Visitor counts when using fallback visitor ID cookie**

On October 10 2013, a change was made as to how the fallback visitor ID cookie is used to identify "persistent cookie visitors" (see [fallback visitor ID](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/sc/implement/?f=c_identifying_unique_visitors)). Before October 10, visitors identified by the `codeph s_fid` cookie were not considered as "persistent cookie visitors". This change now considers these visitors as "persistent cookie visitors".

The `codeph s_fid` cookie was introduced in JavaScript H.25.3/AppMeasurement for JavaScript 1.x and Flash 3.5.3, so this change affects only customers using these version or newer.

If you are using one of these AppMeasurement versions, you will see an increase in the number of persistent cookie visitors (which can be viewed on any unique visitors report) after October 10. Additionally, If you are using SiteCatalyst 14, you will also see an increase in visits by that same amount, and paths will now be counted for these visitors (In SiteCatalyst 14, no visits or paths were counted for non-persistent cookie visitors, though all other metrics were counted).

**Fixes**

* Fixed an issue that prevented the breakdown of Traffic Sources &gt; Referring Domain by the Traffic Sources &gt; Referrer.
* Fixed an issue that resulted in the segment definition to display a blank box when clicking the Information icon on a segment in the Segments drop-down menu.
* Fixed an issue that prevented some referring domains that contain special characters from being displayed in the `wintitle Referring Domains Report`.
* Fixed an issue that was causing participation metrics to expand wider than the table when dates were compared. The issue caused extra columns to be added to the header and the footer in some browsers.
* Breakdowns on the `wintitle Hierarchy Report` now use instances instead of visits to match other breakdowns. For example, after this change, breaking down the `wintitle Pages Report` by the `wintitle Hierarchy Report` now displays the same values as breaking down the `wintitle Hierarchy Report` by the `wintitle Pages Report`.
* Fixed an issue that caused Daily Unique Visitors to show no data when the Current Data option was enabled on `uicontrol Visitor Profile` &gt; `uicontrol Geosegmentation` reports.
* When using the Compare Dates function on a `wintitle Next Pages Report`, fixed an issue that caused zeros to display when comparing the entire site.
* Fixed an issue that caused two "less than 1 minute" line items to display when Time Spent Per Visit was applied as the 2nd level in a breakdown.
* Improved performance when viewing segment definitions and when changing segments in dashboards for report suites that contain a large number of segments.
[Top](10172013.md#concept_5FEEB9ED36D64A9694E313BC086550FA/top)

## Report builder 4.7 {#section_B14E5BE3BDEA4098AE53B98691A60CEC}

The Report builder 4.7 system requirements were updated to the following:


* Windows XP or higher
* 32-bit or 64-bit Microsoft Excel 2007 or higher

**New features**

See [Adobe Analytics 1.4 new features](10172013.md#concept_5FEEB9ED36D64A9694E313BC086550FA/section_47BB85DAED594B5DA8F0A7EA35A1D124).

**Fixes**

* Fixed an issue that caused scheduled workbooks to fail if all recipients canceled the automatic delivery. With this fix, the scheduled report remains available to edit and schedule for delivery.
* Fixed an issue in scheduled reports that caused delivery failure notices to not be sent to users.
* Fixed an issue preventing dimension breakdowns in the `wintitle Marketing Channel` report.
* Fixed a scheduled report delivery time issue occurring due to daylight savings time.
* Changed the `uicontrol Cancel &amp; Refresh` button label to `uicontrol Cancel`, when editing an existing request. A refresh does not occur if a request is canceled.
* Fixed an issue that prevented the toolbar from synchronizing with the current user's logged-in status, when multiple workbooks are open.
See [What's New in Report Builder](https://microsite.omniture.com/t2/help/en_US/arb/?f=release_notes_arb) for feature information.

[Top](10172013.md#concept_5FEEB9ED36D64A9694E313BC086550FA/top)

## Ad hoc analysis {#section_ACDB08468BAF4491A37FA48FAD2E9BB2}

**New features**

See [Adobe Analytics 1.4 new features](10172013.md#concept_5FEEB9ED36D64A9694E313BC086550FA/section_47BB85DAED594B5DA8F0A7EA35A1D124).

**Fixes**

* Fixed an issue preventing the Favorites folder from displaying shared segments.
* Fixed a save issue in the segment definition editor. Previously, when using a `codeph does not equal` operator, where the `codeph event does not equal zero`, saving the segment changed it an `codeph event equals zero` expression.
* In the `uicontrol Segment Builder`, if you tried to save a segment name with a name already applied and saved to a segment, it would allow you to duplicate the name and save two segments with the same name. With this fix, a warning message will display, asking if you want to overwrite the existing segment name. It will allow you to replace a segment name but not duplicate it.
* When adding `uicontrol Download Links` in the `uicontrol Dimensions` pane, all expanded dimension items would display as "Unknown" and not display the appropriate title. This is now fixed to allow you to edit and display the correct title.
* Names and descriptions in the Site Analysis user interface are now split into three panes to enable easy identification and to avoid truncation.
[Ad Hoc Analysis Help](https://microsite.omniture.com/t2/help/en_US/dsc/index.html)

[Top](10172013.md#concept_5FEEB9ED36D64A9694E313BC086550FA/top)

## Data workbench {#section_A9A32A8B5206400491C19FD03BC7EEF7}

See [Adobe Analytics 1.4 new features](10172013.md#concept_5FEEB9ED36D64A9694E313BC086550FA/section_47BB85DAED594B5DA8F0A7EA35A1D124).

<table id="table_E28A6D31E7D941F7A0C2048F0F0F7838"> 
 <tgroup cols="2" align="left"> 
  <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1" colwidth="1.00*" /> 
  <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2" colwidth="2.44*" /> 
  <thead> 
   <tr> 
    <th colname="col1" class="entry">Features</th> 
    <th colname="col2" class="entry">Description</th> 
   </tr> 
  </thead> 
  <tbody> 
   <tr valign="top"> 
    <td colname="col1"> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/insight/install/index.html#Data_Workbench_Client_Minimum_System_Requirements" format="http" scope="external">64-bit Windows upgrade</a> </td> 
    <td colname="col2">The data workbench server, report server, and client components are upgraded to run only on 64-bit Windows operating systems.</td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr valign="top"> 
    <td colname="col1" valign="top"> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/insight/client/index.html#Propensity_Scoring" format="http" scope="external">Propensity Scoring</a> </td> 
    <td colname="col2">Scoring your audience lets you identify customer loyalty and statistically perceive who is likely to convert a sale or interact with a story or campaign. Propensity scoring now includes these visualizations to view models and show the changing correlation of selected metrics. <p>
      <ul id="ul_682E12BBC65F4FB5909BEC3430DB9C13">
       <li id="li_F0A5BFA2D0A74445A07F7705D63DE4C2">The <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/insight/client/index.html#Model_Viewer" format="http" scope="external">Model Viewer</a> examines a logistic regression model generated with Propensity Scoring, displaying the coefficient weights of each input variable (including the constant term) and their statistical error range. </li>
       <li id="li_1E223A50AD154DD6A9587CD1024EFD3A"><a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/insight/client/index.html#Propensity_Gain_and_Lift_Charts" format="http" scope="external">Lift and Gain charts</a> are used to evaluate the potential increase of a scored data model. </li>
       <li id="li_0B1BF8C77CBC443C8DB4A47FCFD43F41">The <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/insight/client/index.html#Confusion_Matrix" format="http" scope="external">Confusion Matrix</a> gives four counts by the combination of Actual Positive (AP), Actual Negative (AN), Predicted Positive (PP), and Predicted Negative (PN). </li>
       <li id="li_D340802FD6034D5480B71C98226A3C87"><p>Starting with v6.1, you now have a <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/insight/client/index.html#Propensity_Scoring" format="http" scope="external">Save option</a> to save propensity scores based on two types: dimensions, or dimensions and metrics. </p></li>
       <li id="li_16AEDE7E241C4DE4A946016C37878C49">You can now click Ctrl-Alt and drag and drop to add elements in Propensity Scoring and the <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/insight/client/index.html#Clustering" format="http" scope="external">Cluster Builder</a>. Previously to add table elements, you had to drag from the table to the Elements box. </li>
      </ul></p></td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr valign="top"> 
    <td colname="col1"> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/insight/whatsnew/index.html#Simplified_Chinese_localization" format="http" scope="external">Data workbench now in Chinese</a> </td> 
    <td colname="col2">Data workbench now supports Simplified Chinese for the client application. <p>Data workbench also supports the <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/insight/whatsnew/index.html#Input_Method_Editor" format="http" scope="external">Input Method Editor</a> (IME) as a secondary text entry process for international languages. </p></td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr valign="top"> 
    <td colname="col1"> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/insight/client/index.html#Syntax_for_Math_Expressions" format="http" scope="external">Math Functions</a> </td> 
    <td colname="col2">You can now add Mathematical functions to metrics, math transformations, and worksheet cells to further calculate datasets.</td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr valign="top"> 
    <td colname="col1"> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/insight/client/index.html#Statistical_Callouts" format="http" scope="external">Statistical Callouts</a> </td> 
    <td colname="col2">Tables now offer a statistics summary call-out for metric columns. The call-out can display the mean, standard deviation, minimum and maximum values, variance, and total count for the column. It can be factored in to any selection and evaluation.</td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr valign="top"> 
    <td colname="col1"> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/insight/client/#Binary_Filter_in_the_Correlation_Matrix" format="http" scope="external">Correlation Matrix filter</a> </td> 
    <td colname="col2" align="char" char="." charoff="41">The Correlation Matrix has been updated with a <span class="uicontrol">Binary Filter</span> to let you constrain values for one or both of the correlated metrics, allowing you to better focus your comparison. <p>Also, you can now add Dimension elements from a Dimension table by clicking Ctrl + Alt and dragging elements to the matrix column or row to be evaluated.</p></td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr valign="top"> 
    <td colname="col1"> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/insight/whatsnew/index.html#Hide_Fallout_Labels_in_Funnel" format="http" scope="external">Hide Fallout label in funnel visualization</a> </td> 
    <td colname="col2">Toggle between displaying and hiding fallout labels in a Funnel visualization by right-clicking the title and selecting <span class="uicontrol">Hide Fallout</span>. </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr valign="top"> 
    <td colname="col1"> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/insight/whatsnew/index.html#Sorting_Table_Columns" format="http" scope="external">Tables sorted alphabetically or by ordinals</a> </td> 
    <td colname="col2">From a Dimension table, you can sort elements alphabetically or by ordinals using the new arrow in the title of the column. The # character will display when a column is sorted by ordinals.</td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr valign="top"> 
    <td colname="col1"> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/insight/whatsnew/index.html#New_Keyboard_Shortcuts" scope="external">New keyboard shortcuts</a> </td> 
    <td colname="col2">Additional shortcut keys have been added for adding and editing workspaces and configuration files.</td> 
   </tr> 
  </tbody> 
 </tgroup> 
</table>

**New features**

[Data workbench help](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/insight/#Data_Workbench_Help)

[Top](10172013.md#concept_5FEEB9ED36D64A9694E313BC086550FA/top)

## Data warehouse {#section_37E4ED50B2E343F584C799A2BBEE4DC4}

**New features**

<table id="table_E92A2BDF97414CB5BC6B5CACF5CC34CE"> 
 <tgroup cols="2"> 
  <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1" colwidth="1.00*" /> 
  <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2" colwidth="2.58*" /> 
  <thead> 
   <tr> 
    <th colname="col1" class="entry">Feature</th> 
    <th colname="col2" class="entry">Description</th> 
   </tr> 
  </thead> 
  <tbody> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1">Participation metrics on solution variables</td> 
    <td colname="col2">You can now view participation reports for dedicated solution variables, which currently includes Social, Mobile, and Video metrics.</td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1">Stability and performance enhancements</td> 
    <td colname="col2">Several updates were made to improve general data warehouse performance.</td> 
   </tr> 
  </tbody> 
 </tgroup> 
</table>

**Fixes**

* Fixed an issue that caused hourly time stamps to appear incorrectly formatted in some reports, which can cause issues with some automated parsing tools. These time stamps now appear in the standard hourly format.
* Participation metrics in non-English did not correctly show the participation label, causing the non-participation version of the metric to appear twice. Participation metrics now correctly display the "(Participation)" label in non-English UI.
* Fixed an issue that caused data warehouse requests to fail with an "error9". If you were unable to complete a request due to this error, you can now reschedule the request.
* Exposed the `codeph cust_hit_time_gmt` breakdown field for reports generated using the `codeph DataWarehouse.Request` web services API. This lets you sort the products returned for each recipient ID chronologically rather than alphabetically.
[Top](10172013.md#concept_5FEEB9ED36D64A9694E313BC086550FA/top)

## Clickstream data feeds {#section_78FB1710E2BE4A32805B98A8701AEEDE}

>[!IMPORTANT]
>
>Starting October 17, 2013, an additional event lookup file will be added to all data feeds (details below). Your ETL might require a modification to consider this file.
**New features**

<table id="table_FA1A421A5E644169BF38B13D47147327"> 
 <tgroup cols="2"> 
  <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1" colwidth="1.00*" /> 
  <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2" colwidth="2.47*" /> 
  <thead> 
   <tr> 
    <th colname="col1" class="entry">Feature</th> 
    <th colname="col2" class="entry">Description</th> 
   </tr> 
  </thead> 
  <tbody> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1">Social, Mobile, and Video solution variables are now available in data feeds.</td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>You can now receive solution variables in data feeds, which currently includes Social, Mobile, and Video metrics.</p> <p>To update your data feed definition to add solution variables, contact Customer Care.</p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1">Event lookup file now included in data feed download</td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>Starting October 17 2013, an additional event lookup file will be added to all data feeds. Your ETL might require a modification to consider this file.</p> <p>This new lookup file provides a map for all events, including shopping cart events, instance events, custom events, mobile-specific events, social-specific events, and so on. Be aware that the map for Mobile, Social, and Video solution event numbers are different for each report suite. The event lookup file delivered with each report suite should be considered specific to that report suite.</p> </td> 
   </tr> 
  </tbody> 
 </tgroup> 
</table>

[Top](10172013.md#concept_5FEEB9ED36D64A9694E313BC086550FA/top)

## SiteCatalyst 14.9 upgrade notice {#section_53B4C9D4A95C4E5BAC0C75BC8415026E}



All `keyword SiteCatalyst` 14 report suites will be automatically upgraded to the marketing reports &amp; analytics platform (version 15) on November 1 2013, unless you are scheduled to upgrade sooner. No action is required for you to upgrade on November 1.

See [Upgrading from SiteCatalyst 14](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/sc/user/?f=upgr_home) for information about the features and data processing differences between version 14 and 15.

For more information, contact your Account Manager.

[Top](10172013.md#concept_5FEEB9ED36D64A9694E313BC086550FA/top)

## SiteCatalyst 13.5 end of life {#section_C2DA26B1E17F43BE965E190C2088AABD}

As of October 17 2013, SiteCatalyst 13.5 is no longer accessible.

Bookmarks, Calendar Events, Targets, Alerts, and scheduled Data Warehouse requests were automatically migrated and are accessible in marketing reports &amp; analytics and SiteCatalyst 14.9 with the following limitations:

* Notes on reports were not migrated.
* Notes on alerts are no longer supported.
* Dashboards are viewable but must be migrated before they can be edited. See [Migrate a legacy dashboard](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/sc/user/index.html?f=t_dashboard_migrate_legacy).
Most scheduled reports have been automatically migrated. However, a small percentage of reports and data extracts could not be migrated automatically. Notifications were sent to affected customers to manually migrate these scheduled reports and data extracts.

If you have a scheduled report or data extract that must be manually migrated or is not being delivered successfully, you can migrate the schedule by doing the following:

1. In marketing reports &amp; analytics, or in SiteCatalyst 14.9, click `uicontrol Favorites` &gt; `uicontrol Scheduled Reports`.
1. Find the report or data extract that was not delivered successfully and then click the name in the `uicontrol Report Name` column.
1. Re-save the associated bookmark or dashboard.
1. [Reschedule the report](https://microsite.omniture.com/t2/help/en_US/sc/user/?f=t_send_report).
[Top](10172013.md#concept_5FEEB9ED36D64A9694E313BC086550FA/top)

## AppMeasurement & Mobile {#section_2622886D0314497B989F82D180737692}

**iOS and Android Version 4 SDKs for Marketing Cloud Solutions**



**AppMeasurement for JavaScript**

**1.1.1**

* Prevented a link tracking call from being sent from Opera browsers for links that start with "opera:" ("opera:" is similar to "about:" and "chrome:" in other browsers).
* Added `codeph alt=""` to all Image objects to comply with Accessible Video and Communications Act.
**H.26.2**

* Added `codeph alt=""` to all Image objects to comply with Accessible Video and Communications Act.
** `keyword AppMeasurement` for Other Platforms**

See [AppMeasurement Release History](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/sc/appmeasurement/release/index.html) the following for a release history of `keyword AppMeasurement` on the following platforms:

* JavaScript
* iOS
* Android
* Flash-Flex
* OSX
* Windows Phone, XBOX, Silverlight, and .NET
* BlackBerry
* Java
* PHP
* Symbian
[Top](10172013.md#concept_5FEEB9ED36D64A9694E313BC086550FA/top)

[Analytics Help &amp; Reference Home](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/reference/home.html)

## Adobe Mobile services {#section_6349293559DE4FBDB2BF0514E1C01482}

Adobe Mobile services brings together mobile marketing capabilities for mobile applications from across the `keyword Adobe Marketing Cloud`. Initially, the Mobile service provides seamless integration of app analytics and targeting capabilities from the Adobe Analytics and Adobe Target solutions.

Learn more at [Adobe Mobile services documentation](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mobile/).

<table id="table_7959277A26984FB6A58B8340263C5513"> 
 <tgroup cols="2"> 
  <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1" colwidth="1.00*" /> 
  <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2" colwidth="2.77*" /> 
  <thead> 
   <tr> 
    <th colname="col1" class="entry">Feature</th> 
    <th colname="col2" class="entry">Description</th> 
   </tr> 
  </thead> 
  <tbody> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1">Responsive web user interface and improved visualizations</td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>Adobe Mobile service provides a new user interface designed around mobile app measurement and optimization.</p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1">Mobile AppMeasurement SDKs</td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>New Marketing Cloud 4.x SDKs were written from the ground up to make implementation simpler, faster, and easier. The 4.x SDKs provide Adobe Analytics, Adobe Target, and audience management support in you iOS and Android mobile app.</p> <p>New features include:</p> 
     <ul id="ul_AD916CA3D8434C20B74D9E5397242E71"> 
      <li id="li_FAD8201BDAFF4EFAA6AB41CDC33422BC">Geofencing and points-of-interest (POI)</li> 
      <li id="li_D27DB028AA9F468EA9ED6575070D85F8">Lifetime value</li> 
      <li id="li_4D9DF950E7104112ADE1841448569AEA">Timed events</li> 
      <li id="li_DE270016A7E147A5B4E87CBD8F18FDB3">Opt-in/Opt-out management</li> 
      <li id="li_C9AAFF9A30A741E592D4A95F13D5B188">Performance enhancements</li> 
      <li id="li_A41837BC42A94D0FB724E77C4183C502">Seamless workflow of lifecycle, POI, and lifetime value data between Analytics and Target</li> 
      <li id="li_B860C2A837944D63A6C22649D1B89313">Simplified implementation and many other improvements and enhancements</li> 
     </ul> <p> <a href="https://developer.omniture.com/en_US/gallery/app-measurement-for-ios" format="https" scope="external">iOS SDK 4.x for Marketing Cloud Solutions</a> </p> <p> <a href="https://developer.omniture.com/en_US/gallery/app-measurement-for-android-1" format="https" scope="external">Android SDK 4.x for Marketing Cloud Solutions</a> </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1">Streamlined SDK configuration</td> 
    <td colname="col2">Create your mobile report suite directly in Adobe Mobile and then download a fully configured SDK that is ready to send data with no additional configuration.</td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1">Point of Interest and Geo-location</td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>Define points of interest by latitude and longitude with a defined radius for measurement and targeting purposes. This provides better segmentation by location, and provides precise location-based marketing for their mobile apps.</p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1">Integrated workflows between Adobe Analytics and Adobe Target</td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>Create a mobile optimization campaign by choosing a dimension value from one of the app reports.</p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1">Target audiences based on mobile unique dimensions and app lifecycle data</td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>Define audiences by mobile-specific dimensions, such as device type, operating system, or geo-location (proximity to point of interest). Also, users can select app lifecycle metrics (for example, upgrade) and dimensions to define a target audience for app experiences.</p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1">Experience testing (A/B) for apps</td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>Create and edit A/B testing campaigns to quantify the effectiveness of multiple app experiences.</p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1">Google Play conversion tracking</td> 
    <td colname="col2">Measure campaign information for Google Play app downloads. You can report campaign source, term, and other Google Play metrics in Adobe Mobile.</td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1">Lifetime Value</td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>Identify key activities that increase the value of an app user, and then measure and target based on value.</p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1">Timed Events</td> 
    <td colname="col2">Measure and report of the amount of time users take to complete key events, including in-app time and total time.</td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1">App store &amp; in-app combined report</td> 
    <td colname="col2">Display imported app store data such as revenue, downloads, &amp; rankings in the same reports as launches, upgrades, and user retention.</td> 
   </tr> 
  </tbody> 
 </tgroup> 
</table>

[Top](10172013.md#concept_5FEEB9ED36D64A9694E313BC086550FA/top)

## Adobe Social 3.1 {#section_DBF6DAB7D5974F25B7150F80288F80B0}

The Adobe Social 3.1 release (10/24/2013) includes the following changes:


>[!NOTE]
>
>Social 3.1 is scheduled to be released on October 24 2013.

<table id="table_4AFE196494A6408790ACDBB2D0F3FE5E"> 
 <tgroup cols="2"> 
  <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1" colwidth="1.00*" /> 
  <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2" colwidth="2.79*" /> 
  <thead> 
   <tr> 
    <th colname="col1" class="entry">Feature</th> 
    <th colname="col2" class="entry">Description</th> 
   </tr> 
  </thead> 
  <tbody> 
   <tr valign="top"> 
    <td colname="col1">Expanded platform support</td> 
    <td colname="col2">Sina Weibo and YouTube* join the list of supported platforms.</td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr valign="top"> 
    <td colname="col1">Listening rules</td> 
    <td colname="col2"> Added the ability to create advanced listening rules using multiple filters to track activities on the social web. <p>Added the real-time <span class="wintitle">Twitter Preview</span> panel to the <span class="wintitle">Rule Builder</span>. This preview helps you to better understand what Twitter users are currently saying about activities on the social web that your rule and its filters track. </p></td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr valign="top"> 
    <td colname="col1">Publishing workflows</td> 
    <td colname="col2">Added the ability to create multi-level publishing workflows. These workflows let you create hierarchical levels containing user groups or individual users who must approve a post before it can be posted to its assigned social property.</td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr valign="top"> 
    <td colname="col1">Competitor analytics</td> 
    <td colname="col2">Added the ability to add competitors' Facebook pages to Social so that you can analyze public data collected from those pages.</td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr valign="top"> 
    <td colname="col1">Link shorteners</td> 
    <td colname="col2">Added support for Awe.sm, Po.st, and BudURL link shorteners.</td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr valign="top"> 
    <td colname="col1">Social property roll-up report</td> 
    <td colname="col2">Added a property roll-up feature that groups social properties by platform, lists all platforms in a list view with expanded metrics, and provides aggregated property stats by platform.</td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr valign="top"> 
    <td colname="col1">Spam filter</td> 
    <td colname="col2">Added a spam filter that automatically filters spam posts from Social. You can display content that has been marked as spam using the filter option in the Social Buzz report.</td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr valign="top"> 
    <td colname="col1">Social authors attribution</td> 
    <td colname="col2"> The <span class="wintitle">Social Authors</span> report now identifies key influencers on Twitter, Pinterest, Tumblr, and YouTube who are driving conversion on your website. </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr valign="top"> 
    <td colname="col1">Social Buzz report</td> 
    <td colname="col2">Added the ability to filter the Social Buzz report by Classification and Spam.</td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr valign="top"> 
    <td colname="col1">Twitter targeting</td> 
    <td colname="col2">Added the ability to target tweets by country, region, and city.</td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr valign="top"> 
    <td colname="col1">Twitter handle auto-complete</td> 
    <td colname="col2">Added auto-complete functionality that automatically fills in users' Twitter handles as you begin typing the @ sign and a Twitter handle.</td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr valign="top"> 
    <td colname="col1">Export to Excel</td> 
    <td colname="col2"> You can export content from the <span class="wintitle">Content Calendar</span> to an Excel file so that people in your organization can analyze the data outside of Social. </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr valign="top"> 
    <td colname="col1">Sina Weibo account management (Beta)</td> 
    <td colname="col2">Added the ability to manage Sina Weibo accounts, including adding accounts, requiring approval for posts, changing account owners, removing accounts, and re-authorizing accounts.</td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr valign="top"> 
    <td colname="col1">Sina Weibo publishing (Beta)</td> 
    <td colname="col2">Added the ability to post text and image posts to Sina Weibo, the popular Chinese microblogging service.</td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr valign="top"> 
    <td colname="col1">YouTube property management (Beta*)</td> 
    <td colname="col2">Added the ability to manage YouTube channels, including adding channels, requiring approval for posts, changing channel owners, removing channels, and re-authorizing channels.</td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr valign="top"> 
    <td colname="col1">YouTube video publishing (Beta*)</td> 
    <td colname="col2">Added the ability to post video assets to YouTube channels that you manage and add videos to playlists.</td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr valign="top"> 
    <td colname="col1">YouTube analytics (Beta*)</td> 
    <td colname="col2">Added the ability to analyze metrics for YouTube channels and content.</td> 
   </tr> 
  </tbody> 
 </tgroup> 
</table>

* Contact your Social Account Manager if you want this beta feature enabled for your account.

For more information, see the[Social Release Notes](https://microsite.omniture.com/t2/help/en_US/social/index.html?f=c_rel_notes).

**Fixes**

* Fixed an issue when applying filters to multi-platform posts in the `wintitle Content Calendar`.
* Fixed an issue that caused data exports from the `wintitle Properties` report to not respect filters.
* Fixed an issue in the `wintitle Campaigns Details` report that caused zeroes to display for individual posts after adding additional metrics using the metric selector.
* Fixed an issue that caused the Engagement Rate metric to be miscalculated.
* Fixed an issue that caused text to be truncated when copied from Microsoft Word or a text editor and pasted into the Publisher.
* Fixed an issue that caused text to disappear from the Publisher when copied from Internet Explorer 8 or Firefox and pasted into the Publisher.
* Fixed an issue that caused text to be formatted incorrectly when copied from Firefox on a Mac and pasted into the Publisher.
* Fixed an issue that caused data queries in the `keyword Social` back-end to run slowly.
* Enhanced the image-size-limit checks in `keyword Social` to fix an issue that prevented posting of tweets that contain large image files.
* Fixed an issue that caused the incorrect image to be posted for Google+ posts.
* Fixed an issue that prevented users from publishing YouTube videos using links in Google+ posts.
* Fixed an issue that allowed a user to delete a Facebook application, even though that user did not have sufficient permissions to do so.
* Fixed an issue that caused problems with transparent buttons on applications. Users had to click the text (instead of an empty area on the button) to navigate to the next screen.
[Top](10172013.md#concept_5FEEB9ED36D64A9694E313BC086550FA/top)

## Adobe Testing and Targeting Standard 1.1 {#section_79FA6A61D2284D41A34F00014A342F07}

This release includes the following feature:

<table id="table_B186CE0522F84A7684A38043505C3577"> 
 <tgroup cols="2"> 
  <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1" colwidth="*" /> 
  <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2" colwidth="*" /> 
  <thead> 
   <tr> 
    <th colname="col1" class="entry">Feature</th> 
    <th colname="col2" class="entry">Description</th> 
   </tr> 
  </thead> 
  <tbody> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> <span class="filepath">mbox.js</span> download from within Target Standard </td> 
    <td colname="col2">The <span class="filepath">mbox.js</span> file can now be downloaded directly from <span class="uicontrol">Setup</span> &gt;<span class="uicontrol">Implementation</span> in the Target Standard interface. Previously, the file had to be downloaded from within Target Advanced or be supplied by your account representative or consultant. </td> 
   </tr> 
  </tbody> 
 </tgroup> 
</table>



This release includes the following fixes and enhancements:

* Fixed an issue that caused the activity sync to fail in the first sync attempt after adding valid experiences to a partial activity.
* Fixed an issue that resulted in a 500 error on the `wintitle Summary` report after deleting and adding an experience.
* Fixed an issue that caused inaccurate visitor data when a visitor views multiple experiences.
* Activity start and end times now sync correctly between Essentials and Advanced.
* Improved the display of mixed content.
* Fixed an issue that caused the `wintitle Visual Experience Composer` to malfunction if JavaScript in the HTML code overrides the browser definition of te JSON object.
* Fixed an issue where the displayed number of activities was incorrect when sorting according to status.
* Fixed an issue where white space in the Goal field did not validate correctly.
* Fixed an issue that caused the creation of multiple offers for a single in Advanced when the image was swapped.
* Fixed an issue that caused search not to work on images in the content picker.
* Fixed an issue that inverted activity list sorting when sorting by Name or State.
* Fixed an issue where anonymous offers were not being deleted when no longer used in an activity.
* Fixed an issue that caused an incorrect experience name to display on a shared card when editing an activity.
* Fixed an issue where an updated image offer did not correctly update the content in both Scene7 and Testing and Targeting Advanced.
* Fixed an issue where copying an image asset also copied Scene7-related properties that should not have been copied.
For the latest product information, see the [Target Standard online help](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/target/).

[Top](10172013.md#concept_5FEEB9ED36D64A9694E313BC086550FA/top)

## Recommendations and Cross-Selling {#section_0773A59A01744E619F78D5F321FB1354}

Not updated in this release.

See [Adobe Recommendations and Cross-Selling](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/rec/recs_home.html) for product help.

[Top](10172013.md#concept_5FEEB9ED36D64A9694E313BC086550FA/top)

## Search&Promote {#section_3F18C98BF09D4E10AD759C403F543162}

Adobe Search&amp;Promote 8.11.0 (10/29/2013) includes the following:

<table id="table_27B1D387802541DB80C450DEB838D020"> 
 <tgroup cols="2"> 
  <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1" colwidth="1.00*" /> 
  <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2" colwidth="4.43*" /> 
  <thead> 
   <tr> 
    <th colname="col1" class="entry">Feature</th> 
    <th colname="col2" class="entry">Description</th> 
   </tr> 
  </thead> 
  <tbody> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1">Danish de-compounder</td> 
    <td colname="col2"> A mechanism is now provided to allow <span class="keyword">Search&amp;Promote</span> to access the language (Danish) detection, decompounding, stemming and segmentor services provided by Adobe. </td> 
   </tr> 
  </tbody> 
 </tgroup> 
</table>

**Enhancements and fixes**

  *
  Enhancements made to the existing `keyword Search&amp;Promote` table matching capabilities. The enhancements provide better support of customer requirements related to increasingly complex relationships between SKU and product data.
  
  
  >[!NOTE]
  >
  >This feature is not enabled by default. Contact Adobe Customer Care to activate the feature in Search&amp;Promote for your use.
  
  
  *
  Added an option that allows Guided Search to sort Facets using the account's language setting.
  
  
  >[!NOTE]
  >
  >This feature is not enabled by default. Contact Adobe Customer Care to activate the feature in Search&amp;Promote for your use.
  
  
  *
  Added an option to increase the number of facet values that a user can specify for multi-select facets.
  
  
  >[!NOTE]
  >
  >This feature is not enabled by default. Contact Adobe Customer Care to activate the feature in Search&amp;Promote for your use.
  
  
* Added the checkbox option `uicontrol Only allow searches that use HTTPS` to `uicontrol Settings` &gt; `uicontrol Searching` &gt; `uicontrol Restrictions`.
* Added an option to `uicontrol Settings` &gt; `uicontrol Searching` &gt; `uicontrol Feeds` &gt; `uicontrol Create Feed` &gt; `uicontrol Generic Feed` to preserve tab characters in the `wintitle File Submission` panel of the wizard.
* Increased the size of data that is accepted in each of the top and bottom fields for the new facet definition form from 80 characters to 1000.
* Business rule numbers are now reported correctly by the Guided Search debug parameters.
* Business rules are now applied on the Live environment.
* Proximity search is now functional when searching by longitude/latitude, for accounts configured with Language = "Danish (Denmark)".
* Results-based triggers with no schedule assigned are now triggered.
* Consistent results are now reported when using the `uicontrol Ignore Apostrophes` option in `uicontrol Linguistics` &gt; `uicontrol Words &amp; Language`.
* Auto-Complete word list user interface now works on large number of facets.
See [Adobe Search&amp;Promote Help Home](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/snp/) for product help.

[Top](10172013.md#concept_5FEEB9ED36D64A9694E313BC086550FA/top)

## Audience Management {#section_A8AF32E4E4F5429EADF25A9C9B431E5A}

See the [Audience Management Release Notes](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/demdex/index.html?f=c_release_notes) for more information.

[Media Optimizer Help](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mo/home.html)

[Top](10172013.md#concept_5FEEB9ED36D64A9694E313BC086550FA/top)

## Data Connectors {#section_AA052DFD541C4AE184479944A94E51A7}

The data connectors release (10/17/2013) includes the following changes:

<table id="table_33B3F78DFD2A444BB0E83576F8556A1C"> 
 <tgroup cols="2"> 
  <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1" colwidth="1.00*" /> 
  <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2" colwidth="3.18*" /> 
  <thead> 
   <tr valign="top"> 
    <th colname="col1" class="entry">Feature</th> 
    <th colname="col2" class="entry">Description</th> 
   </tr> 
  </thead> 
  <tbody> 
   <tr valign="top"> 
    <td colname="col1">Dev Center: Classification Rules</td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p> 
      <!--DATACON-1939-->In the Dev Center, partners can create classification that customers can deploy when activating or editing an integration. The rules are visible in the wizard under <span class="wintitle">Data Settings</span>, and in the <span class="wintitle">Classification Rule Builder</span> in <span class="wintitle">Admin Tools</span>. </p> <p>See <a href="https://microsite.omniture.com/t2/help/en_US/reference/?f=classification_rule_builder.html" format="https" scope="external">Classification Rule Builder</a> in <span class="wintitle">Admin Tools</span> help for information about creating classification rule sets. The data connectors interface uses the same fields and options explained in <span class="keyword">Analytics</span> help. </p> <p>Note: In <span class="wintitle">Admin Tools</span>, do not edit classification rules created for data connectors. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
  </tbody> 
 </tgroup> 
</table>

**Fixes**

* Fixed an issue that prevented you from mapping to an existing classification when editing an integration.
* Fixed an issue that caused an "Unexpected extra form field" error message to display on the `wintitle Support` tab. The error occurred if you attempted to rename a calculated metric twice.
* Fixed a localization issue occurring in variable mappings, import settings, and export settings in the wizard.
* Fixed an issue preventing the classification name from appearing in the `wintitle Review` dialog.
* Fixed an issue preventing metrics from importing in the `wintitle ExactTarget` integration. This issue displayed "Error Code 2."
* Fixed an issue preventing all classifications from displaying for an activated integration, if there are different variables with duplicate classification names.
* Fixed an issue occurring when managing an integration with tag management. Clicking `uicontrol Add Collection Code to Tag Manager` failed to load the data.
[Data Connectors Help](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/genesis/home.html)

[Top](10172013.md#concept_5FEEB9ED36D64A9694E313BC086550FA/top)

