---
description: Insight 5.5, Tag Manager 2.0 and product maintenance releases.
keywords: release notes
seo-description: Insight 5.5, Tag Manager 2.0 and product maintenance releases.
seo-title: Release Notes - April 18 2013
solution: Experience Cloud,Release Notes
title: Release Notes - April 18 2013
---

# Release Notes - April 18 2013

Release date: **April 18 2013**

Last Updated: ** [ April 29 2013 ](c_04182013.md#concept_BBEC0E1E004F4AD7965B80878688FD61/section_D10E043093D1481C9944B2C7F9A62E7D)**

** `keyword  Adobe Analytics` **

* [ SiteCatalyst 15.4 Maintenance Release ](c_04182013.md#concept_BBEC0E1E004F4AD7965B80878688FD61/section_F2D5F35286844E21A6FE18EA3F28C44E)
* [ SiteCatalyst 14.9 Maintenance Release ](c_04182013.md#concept_BBEC0E1E004F4AD7965B80878688FD61/section_F2628B8014EE4FA29DC2BC59451293F1)
* [ DataWarehouse ](c_04182013.md#concept_BBEC0E1E004F4AD7965B80878688FD61/section_178051456D0847FAA6BF6B0B3E453D6B)
* [ ReportBuilder 4.3 Maintenance Release ](c_04182013.md#concept_BBEC0E1E004F4AD7965B80878688FD61/section_CD395EB3EDA54D448312C9CDAC0E9B9F)
* [ Discover 3.1 Maintenance Release ](c_04182013.md#concept_BBEC0E1E004F4AD7965B80878688FD61/section_075C41360D474CB5AC23F38597F4D30C)
* [ Insight 5.5 ](c_04182013.md#concept_BBEC0E1E004F4AD7965B80878688FD61/insight)
* [ Genesis 3.1 Maintenance Release ](c_04182013.md#concept_BBEC0E1E004F4AD7965B80878688FD61/section_A6781A0D002B40E1859B1B616268CE9C)
* [ AppMeasurement &amp; Mobile ](c_04182013.md#concept_BBEC0E1E004F4AD7965B80878688FD61/section_D10E043093D1481C9944B2C7F9A62E7D) (updated [ April 29 2013 ](c_04182013.md#concept_BBEC0E1E004F4AD7965B80878688FD61/section_D10E043093D1481C9944B2C7F9A62E7D))
* [ ClickStream Data Feeds ](c_04182013.md#concept_BBEC0E1E004F4AD7965B80878688FD61/section_C73194A4FA27446089C3368F02D4FCB1)
** `keyword  Adobe Target` **

* [ Recommendations 2.10 ](c_04182013.md#concept_BBEC0E1E004F4AD7965B80878688FD61/recommendations)
* [ Search&amp;Promote ](c_04182013.md#concept_BBEC0E1E004F4AD7965B80878688FD61/section_708A2B94F3DC4850A1BAEB907200007F)
* [ Test&amp;Target ](c_04182013.md#concept_BBEC0E1E004F4AD7965B80878688FD61/section_37283FAFC5584D769138CD91F8DAB61E)
** `keyword  Adobe Social` **

* [ Social ](c_04182013.md#concept_BBEC0E1E004F4AD7965B80878688FD61/section_B9008F250AB84E19A118F84A4D294FCA)
**Adobe `keyword  Experience Manager`**

* [ Adobe Experience Manager ](http://dev.day.com/docs/en/cq/current/release_notes/overview.html)
* [ Scene7 ](c_04182013.md#concept_BBEC0E1E004F4AD7965B80878688FD61/scene7)
**Adobe `keyword  Media Optimizer`**

* [ AudienceManager ](c_04182013.md#concept_BBEC0E1E004F4AD7965B80878688FD61/section_DA3DE8FC441D41D1B65895196A3F1AD9)
* [ AdLens ](c_04182013.md#concept_BBEC0E1E004F4AD7965B80878688FD61/section_5BA7C88D8CCE48F6BDDAB720B91018C7)
* [ SearchCenter ](c_04182013.md#concept_BBEC0E1E004F4AD7965B80878688FD61/section_159F6937E11446A78A06AC5DBEB1DE0D)
** `keyword  Marketing Cloud` Services**

* [ TagManager 2.0 ](c_04182013.md#concept_BBEC0E1E004F4AD7965B80878688FD61/section_7DEF441AB77A4A04A13FD39A3E2D008F)
* [ Web Services API ](c_04182013.md#concept_BBEC0E1E004F4AD7965B80878688FD61/section_4489FA0BB29747C0B7876E76DEC1551F)
## TagManager 2.0 {#section_7DEF441AB77A4A04A13FD39A3E2D008F}

A new version of `keyword  TagManager` is now available. The `keyword  TagManager` 2.0 release (04/18/2013) includes the following new features:

<table id="table_976F7B0D54444807A57B54747FBBBDB1"> 
 <tgroup cols="2"> 
  <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1" colwidth="1.00*" /> 
  <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2" colwidth="2.84*" /> 
  <thead> 
   <tr> 
    <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Feature </th> 
    <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
   </tr> 
  </thead> 
  <tbody> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> Product Agnostic Page Code </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> New page tagging in support of all Adobe Marketing Cloud products. </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> Upgrade Wizard </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> Provides a step-by-step workflow for upgrading a container from TagManager 1.0 to 2.0 </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> Fully-hosted Tag Loader </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <span class="keyword"> TagManager </span> now provides a fully-hosted tag loader on an Adobe-provided CDN, with built-in availability safeguards to prevent errors. <span class="keyword"> TagManager </span> no longer requires that you host any JavaScript on your web server. </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> <span class="keyword"> Test&amp;Target </span> </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> Support for synchronous delivery of <span class="keyword"> Test&amp;Target </span> <span class="filepath"> mbox.js </span> and global mbox deployment. </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> Synchronous and Asynchronous Tags </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> Synchronous and asynchronous tags can be delivered within the same tag container. </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> Remote Script Loading </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> Remote scripts can now be loaded by providing the URL to the script. </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> Enhanced Tag Firing Rules </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> Enhanced rule building functionality to control tag firing, including reusable rules and support for regular expressions. </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> Enhanced HTML tag support </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> Increased support for including HTML code in tags. </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> <span class="keyword"> TagManager </span> 1.0 Compatibility </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> Backwards compatibility with current <span class="keyword"> TagManager </span> page code and containers, including a migration wizard that helps you move to the latest <span class="keyword"> TagManager </span> architecture. </td> 
   </tr> 
  </tbody> 
 </tgroup> 
</table>

See [ TagManager documentation ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/sc/implement/index.html?f=tagmanager).

## SiteCatalyst
     15.4 Maintenance Release {#section_F2D5F35286844E21A6FE18EA3F28C44E}

The `keyword  SiteCatalyst` 15.4 maintenance release (04/18/2013) includes the following changes:

**New Features**

<table id="table_81E35C9AA53544EA8FAD069A40A6B9F6"> 
 <tgroup cols="2"> 
  <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1" colwidth="1.00*" /> 
  <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2" colwidth="2.37*" /> 
  <thead> 
   <tr> 
    <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Feature </th> 
    <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
   </tr> 
  </thead> 
  <tbody> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> Coming Soon! New version of JavaScript <span class="keyword"> AppMeasurement </span> </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>A new JavaScript AppMeasurement library is coming soon. This library provides the same core functionality of <span class="filepath"> s_code.js </span>, but is lighter and faster for use on both mobile and desktop sites. </p> 
     <ul id="ul_A67C84C4020D4687A5478F021FE46241"> 
      <li id="li_FE10AE3296134E938828D9826FF51CB5">3-7x faster than the H.25 code.</li> 
      <li id="li_60A19539751D4D3FBC98A0086C0F84C1">Only 21k uncompressed and 8k gzipped (H.25 code is 33k uncompressed and 13k gzipped).</li> 
      <li id="li_BFDC0FFA4BD340A4ACFEBEAD3C78DEB5">Native support for several common plugins (get query parameters, read and write cookies, encode URLs, and advanced link tracking).</li> 
      <li id="li_AA1D2BBD566E48E4BC9301C09E29AFFC">Small and fast enough to be used with mobile sites, and robust enough to be used on the full desktop web, allowing you to leverage a single library across all web environments.</li> 
     </ul> <p>This library is currently scheduled to be available in Code Manager in the May 2013 Maintenance Release.</p> <p>Note:  Some plug-ins won't be supported in this new version. When the code is finalized, we'll provide a plug-in compatibility list with the supported plug-ins. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> Mobile Application Reporting in Analytics </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> SiteCatalyst now provides a pre-configured dashboard with mobile application statistics, that is based on the <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/sc/appmeasurement/ios/index.html?f=metrics" format="http" scope="external"> Application Lifecyle Metrics </a>. </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> Conversion metrics in GEO Segmentation Reports </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> You can now report on conversion KPI based on geographies, which lets you identify your most valuable geographies by conversion event. </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> <p>Internet Explorer 6 is no longer tested for compatibility with the <span class="keyword"> SiteCatalyst </span> UI </p> </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>Internet Explorer 6 is no longer tested for compatibility with the <span class="keyword"> SiteCatalyst </span> UI. Data collection continues to work as expected for customers using Internet Explorer 6. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> <p> <span class="keyword"> SiteCatalyst </span> 15 is the default version in the login drop down </p> </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>The login menu defaults to <span class="keyword"> SiteCatalyst </span> 15 if you have not previously selected a different version. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> <p>Increased maximum limit for single values in a hit</p> </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>The maximum limit for a single value in a single hit was increased from 32-bit to 64-bit. The allows for much larger individual values for global currencies. For example, a 32-bit value can hold an assigned value of up to 2,147,483,648. Because two digits are required for decimal values (such as cents for dollars), the remaining maximum can only reach 21,474,836 as a single revenue value. The change to 64-bit now allows for much larger individual values required for global currency evaluations.</p> </td> 
   </tr> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> <p>Added <span class="keyword"> Social </span> menu </p> </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>Customers who have both <span class="keyword"> Adobe Analytics </span> and <span class="keyword"> Adobe Social </span> will see a new <span class="keyword"> Social </span> menu in the <span class="keyword"> SiteCatalyst </span> left navigation menu. This menu contains events and variables that have been deployed as part of your <span class="keyword"> Social </span> measurement. </p> </td> 
   </tr> 
  </tbody> 
 </tgroup> 
</table>

See [ SiteCatalyst 15 Help ](https://microsite.omniture.com/t2/help/en_US/sc/user/index.html?f=c_whatsnew) for more information.

**Fixes**
* Calculated metrics that are calculated using metric totals were being reported incorrectly over custom date ranges.
* Fixed performance issues when loading large numbers of segments that caused the `wintitle  Segment Definition Builder` to load slowly.
* Several Windows Phone devices were not being displayed as Windows devices on the `wintitle  Mobile Operating Systems Report`.
* Fixed an issue that caused customers with special characters in the report suite name to display an error when accessing `keyword  Admin Console`.
* Fixed an issue in mobile application reporting that caused Lifecycle metrics from mapping correctly to reserved variables.
* Fixed an issue that caused a small number of breakdowns to not display properly in data extracts.
* Fixed an issue that prevented certain line items from displaying in data extract filters when trying to select specific items.
* Fixed an issue with date formats in scheduled and downloaded reports in non-English languages.
* Fixed an issue that caused the x axis to display incorrectly in trended reports with certain date ranges and granularity combinations.
* Fixed an issue that caused display issues in the `wintitle  Report Suite` settings within the `keyword  Admin Console` for users with limited admin permissions.
* Fixed an issue with conversion permissions with events higher than 75.
* Fixed an issue that let customers add more users than available licenses to the `wintitle  ReportBuilder` user group.
* Fixed an issue that caused processing rules to display differently depending on the logged-in user.
* Fixed a formatting issue in downloaded PDF reports from dashboards with text reportlets that included the HTML List tag.

## SiteCatalyst
     14.9 Maintenance Release {#section_F2628B8014EE4FA29DC2BC59451293F1}

The `keyword  SiteCatalyst` 14.9 maintenance release (04/18/2013) includes the following changes:

**Fixes**

* Optimized the `keyword  ClickMap` reports to load faster.
* Fixed performance issues when loading large numbers of segments that caused the `wintitle  Segment Definition Builder` to load slowly.
* Several Windows Phone devices were not being displayed as Windows devices on the `wintitle  Mobile Operating Systems Report`.
* When monthly trending was selected on a rollup report, Video Views were incorrectly aggregated under an incorrect date that was before the reporting period.
* Fixed an issue that caused customers with special characters in the report suite name to display an error when accessing `keyword  Admin Console`.
* Fixed an issue that prevented certain line items from displaying in data extract filters when trying to select specific items.
* Fixed an issue with date formats in scheduled and downloaded reports in non-English languages.
* Fixed an issue that caused display issues in the `wintitle  Report Suite` settings within the `keyword  Admin Console` for users with limited admin permissions.
* Fixed an issue with conversion permissions with events higher than 75.
* Fixed an issue that let customers add more users than available licenses to the `wintitle  ReportBuilder` user group.
* Fixed a formatting issue in downloaded PDF reports from dashboards with text reportlets that included the HTML List tag.
## DataWarehouse {#section_178051456D0847FAA6BF6B0B3E453D6B}

The `keyword  DataWarehouse` 15.4 maintenance release (04/18/2013) includes the following changes:

**New Features**

<table id="table_BC25FB3C520C46CD89F0C3E4524E10FA"> 
 <tgroup cols="2"> 
  <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1" colwidth="1.00*" /> 
  <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2" colwidth="2.79*" /> 
  <thead> 
   <tr> 
    <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Feature </th> 
    <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
   </tr> 
  </thead> 
  <tbody> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> Page URL is now available in reports </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>The Page URL is available for current and historical reports.</p> </td> 
   </tr> 
  </tbody> 
 </tgroup> 
</table>

**Fixes**

* Values that contained a double backslash were not being classified. This occurred in some environments where MySQL was escaping backslash characters with an additional backslash. These values are now classified correctly.
* Fixed performance issues when loading large numbers of segments that caused the `keyword  DataWarehouse` UI to load slowly.
## ReportBuilder 4.3 Maintenance Release {#section_CD395EB3EDA54D448312C9CDAC0E9B9F}

The `keyword  ReportBuilder` 4.3 maintenance release (04/18/2013) includes the following changes:

**New Features**

<table id="table_DD2ABADEBDA6493983A1E9239917A31A"> 
 <tgroup cols="2"> 
  <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1" colwidth="1.00*" /> 
  <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2" colwidth="3.07*" /> 
  <thead> 
   <tr> 
    <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Feature </th> 
    <th colname="col2" class="entry"></th> 
   </tr> 
  </thead> 
  <tbody> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> Feedback Survey </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> We added a survey that displays when you launch <span class="keyword"> ReportBuilder </span>, and every 90 days thereafter. The survey lets you provide feedback to help improve <span class="keyword"> ReportBuilder </span>. </td> 
   </tr> 
  </tbody> 
 </tgroup> 
</table>

**Fixes**

* Added the Searches metric to the `wintitle  Search Engine Report` break-downs.
* Fixed an issue preventing traffic sources from fully subrelating, as they do in `keyword  SiteCatalyst` 15. For example, `keyword  ReportBuilder` was not letting you run a `wintitle  Natural Search Engines Report`, and then subrelate it using dimensions in Site Sections.
* Added commerce events to geography reports.
* Added social and video metrics to more reports.
## Discover 3.1 Maintenance Release {#section_075C41360D474CB5AC23F38597F4D30C}

The `keyword  Discover` 3.1 maintenance release (04/18/2013) includes the following changes:

**Fixes**


* The `wintitle  Apple Mac` and `wintitle  Java 7` incompatibilities have been resolved. `wintitle  Mac` running `wintitle  Java 7` is now launching and running `wintitle  Discover`.
  *
  `wintitle  Discover` now allows for a 64-bit value for a single value for a single hit. The previous value was 32-bit.
  
  In practice, revenue conversions across currencies require larger individual values. For example, a 32-bit value can hold an assigned value of up to 2,147,483,648. Because two digits are required for decimal values (such as cents for dollars), the remaining maximum can only reach 21,474,836 as a single revenue value. The change to 64-bit now allows for much larger individual values required for global currency evaluations.
  
  
* `wintitle  Discover` 1.5 is deprecated and will no longer be available or supported after April 18th, 2013.
* Clicking Save after building a `wintitle  Calculated Metric` or renaming a `wintitle  Metric` or `wintitle  Segment` returned an error. This has been fixed.
* Reports Suites set to "Restricted Access" were appearing in `wintitle  Discover`. These hidden report suites are no longer visible from the `wintitle  Discover` user interface and now correspond to report suites listed in `wintitle  SiteCatalyst`.
  *
  Comma-Separated Value (CSV) files generated from the `wintitle  Discover` 3.2 release in May will include the following updates:
  
    * In data, the number of digits after the decimal will match what is displayed in the `wintitle  Discover` user interface. For example:
      - Percentages will have 2 decimal places by default, and
      
      - Calculated metrics will have the specified number of decimal places (default of 2).
      
      
    * In text (such as page names), the backslash character is no longer being removed. For example \*new*\ was being rendered as *new*.
    * In data, NaN (not a number) now renders as "NaN". This was previously rendered as a zero.
    * Header changed from `wintitle  SiteCatalyst` to `wintitle  Discover`.
    * Header now includes updated copyright message.
  

See [ Discover New Features ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/dsc/index.html?f=c_whatsnew).

## Insight
     5.5 {#insight}

See [ Insight Product Documentation ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/insight/insight_release_notes.pdf?cb=540) for the latest `keyword  Insight` release notes and documentation.

## Genesis 3.1 Maintenance Release {#section_A6781A0D002B40E1859B1B616268CE9C}

The `keyword  Genesis` 3.1 maintenance release (04/18/2013) includes the following changes:

**Features**

<table id="table_8B425EA9CFA74FEF83743CC68D1C4D6A"> 
 <tgroup cols="2"> 
  <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1" colwidth="1.00*" /> 
  <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2" colwidth="3.21*" /> 
  <thead> 
   <tr> 
    <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Feature </th> 
    <th colname="col2" class="entry"></th> 
   </tr> 
  </thead> 
  <tbody> 
   <tr> 
    <td colname="col1"> Dev Center: Event Variable Groups </td> 
    <td colname="col2"> <p>We enhanced the event filters to enable multiple custom event types (counter, currency, and numeric) to be displayed in an event drop-down in the Integration Wizard.</p> </td> 
   </tr> 
  </tbody> 
 </tgroup> 
</table>

See [ What's New in Genesis ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/genesis/index.html?f=c_whatsnew_genesis) for new release information for `keyword  Genesis`.

**Fixes**

* In step 4 of 7 (event mapping) in the integration wizard, we fixed an issue causing incorrect values to display for Event 1, under the `wintitle  SiteCatalyst Events` group.
* In the Dev Center, we fixed an issue preventing you from adding a Calculated Metric if the formula contained a custom event. The error read, "The supplied formula is invalid."
* Fixed a date-range script issue that caused a missing day due to Daylight Savings Time.
* Fixed an integration issue in CQ occurring from the DFA plug-in.
## Web Services API {#section_4489FA0BB29747C0B7876E76DEC1551F}

The `keyword  Web Services` maintenance release (04/18/2013) includes the following changes:

* Customized training periods for anomaly detection in the reporting API.
* Improved the API response time.
* Reduced the time reports wait in the queue.
* Adjusted the `codeph  mobile_hits`, `codeph  mobile_visits` and `codeph  mobile_visitors` metrics in the `codeph  accountsummary` element to match SiteCatalyst 15.
Visit [ developer.omniture.com ](http://developer.omniture.com) to learn more about the Web Services API.

## AppMeasurement & Mobile {#section_D10E043093D1481C9944B2C7F9A62E7D}

**JavaScript AppMeasurement (Legacy)**

**H.26** - Updated April 29, 2013

* the `codeph  useForcedLinkTracking` option that is described in [ Manual Link Tracking Using Custom Link Code ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/sc/implement/index.html?f=c_manuallinktrackcustomlink) now applies to Firefox 20+ (previously this applied to WebKit browsers only).
* Image object ID generation is now unique between instances. This prevents collisions when more than one instance is on the same page.
**H.25.5**

* Fixed an issue in forced link tracking that caused a JavaScript error on some Android 2.2 Devices.
* In video auto tracking on Windows Media Player, fixed an issue in scrubbing that caused time played to not be tracked correctly.
** `keyword  AppMeasurement` for Other Platforms**

See [ AppMeasurement Release History ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/sc/appmeasurement/release/index.html) the following for a release history of `keyword  AppMeasurement` on the following platforms:

* JavaScript
* iOS
* Android
* Flash-Flex
* OSX
* Windows Phone, XBOX, Silverlight, and .NET
* BlackBerry
* Java
* PHP
* Symbian
## ClickStream Data Feeds {#section_C73194A4FA27446089C3368F02D4FCB1}

Not updated in this release.

See the [ Clickstream Data Feeds ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/whitepapers/clickstream/index.html) help for the latest information.

## Recommendations {#recommendations}

Not updated in this release.

For the latest Recommendations documentation, see [ What's New in `keyword  Recommendations` ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/rec/#Release Notes).

## Search&Promote {#section_708A2B94F3DC4850A1BAEB907200007F}

Not updated in this release.

See [ Search&amp;Promote Documentation Home ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/snp/index.html) for the latest information.

## Test&Target {#section_37283FAFC5584D769138CD91F8DAB61E}

This maintenance release contains the following fix:

Campaign names that contain multi-byte characters (such as Japanese) displayed with question marks in SiteCatalyst. Now, after you give the campaign a new classification, the correct multi-byte characters display.

See [ What's New in `keyword  Test&amp;Target` ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/tnt/help/index.html#Release%20Notes) for the latest information.

## Social {#section_B9008F250AB84E19A118F84A4D294FCA}

The Adobe `keyword  Social` 04/18/2013 release includes back-end performance enhancements and bug fixes.

See [ Social Help ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/social/index.html?f=home.html) for the latest documentation.

## Scene7 {#scene7}

For the latest `keyword  Scene7` release information, [ Scene7 Publishing System Release Notes ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/s7/release_notes/index.html).

## AudienceManager {#section_DA3DE8FC441D41D1B65895196A3F1AD9}

Not updated in this release.

See [ AudienceManager Help ](https://microsite.omniture.com/t2/help/en_US/home/index.html#AudienceManager) for the latest information.

## AdLens {#section_5BA7C88D8CCE48F6BDDAB720B91018C7}

In `keyword  AdLens`, click `uicontrol  Help` &gt; `uicontrol  Help Contents` for the latest information.

## SearchCenter {#section_159F6937E11446A78A06AC5DBEB1DE0D}

Not updated in this release.

See [ SearchCenter Help ](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/scm/index.html?f=c_Release_Notes) for the latest information.

