---
description: Learn about new features and fixes in the Adobe Marketing Cloud.
keywords: release notes
seo-description: Learn about new features and fixes in the Adobe Marketing Cloud.
seo-title: Release Notes - January 2015
solution: Experience Cloud,Release Notes
title: Release Notes - January 2015
uuid: e817c5a2-ff3a-4ce7-b5da-09bfb9846424
---

# Release Notes - January 2015

Learn about new features and fixes in the Adobe Marketing Cloud.

>[!NOTE]
>
>To receive release notes one week prior to the monthly product update, subscribe to the [Adobe Priority Product Update](https://www.adobe.com/subscription/priority-product-update.html). Release information in the Priority Product Update comes one week in advance of the release date. Please check back at release time for updates. 

## Important Notice for Users of Adobe [!DNL Analytics] Report Builder

As of January 30, 2015, only the current version of Adobe [!DNL Analytics] Report Builder (5.0.50), the Adobe [!DNL Analytics] add-in for Excel, will be able to connect to Adobe [!DNL Analytics]; previous versions will cease to connect. This change is the result of a number of security enhancements being made on that date. All users must update to version 5.0.50 or higher (released October 21, 2014) before January 30, 2015. If you choose not to upgrade, you will be unable to log in to Report Builder or retrieve data through Report Builder after January 30, 2015 until you install the latest version. See [Upgrading Report Builder](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/arb/?f=upgrade_arb) to find out how to check the version that you are currently using, as well as how to upgrade to the latest version. 

## Key Features Released in 2014

Marketing Cloud key features released in 2014.

<table id="table_F042191E03D34D72BDC54DBDA4D38E17"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Solution </th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Features </th> 
   <th colname="col3" class="entry"> Release Notes </th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> <span class="keyword"> Marketing Cloud </span> </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mcloud/audience_library.html" format="https" scope="external"> Marketing Cloud Audiences </a>: Enables you to create, edit, and manage audiences, similar to how you work with segments. You can share audiences for use in solutions like  <span class="wintitle"> Analytics </span>, <span class="keyword"> Target </span>, and audience management. </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p> May 2014 </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"></td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mcloud/exchange.html" format="https" scope="external"> Exchange Marketplace </a>: A single destination where you can search, browse, select, pay, and download Digital Marketing extensions via apps. </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p> May 2014 </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"></td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mcloud/access.html#concept_04341546E8B44CDF833F9DDF351A50B9" format="https" scope="external"> Linking Accounts </a>: Lets users access the Marketing Cloud by linking or mapping solution account with the Adobe ID. </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p> February 2014 </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"></td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mobile/" format="https" scope="external"> Mobile Services </a> - Fall 2014: In-app messaging and app message reporting. </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>  October 2014 </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"></td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Dynamic tag management: </p> <p> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/dtm/target.html" format="https" scope="external"> Adobe Target Settings </a> updated for automatic deployment of Adobe Target. </p> <p>See the <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/dtm/faq_target.html" format="https" scope="external"> FAQ for Adobe Target Deployment </a> for more information. </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p> October 2014 </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>  <span class="wintitle"> Analytics </span> </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/analytics/segment/" format="http" scope="external"> Unified Segmentation </a>: Segments are now created, managed, and used across Analytics interfaces and across report suites. </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p> May 2014 </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"></td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/arb/release_notes_arb.html" format="http" scope="external"> Report Builder 5.0 </a>: Includes new segment management, pathing reports, access to dashboards and bookmarks from reports &amp; analytics, and more. </p> </td> 
      <td colname="col3"> <p> May 2014 </p></td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> <span class="keyword"> Social </span> </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/social/c_rel_notes.html" format="https" scope="external"> Social 3.3 </a>: Global report suite support; unified moderation enhancements. </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>  May 2014 </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> <span class="keyword"> Target </span> </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Renaming: <span class="term"> Target Advanced </span> has been renamed <span class="term"> Target Classic </span>. The Target Advanced card in the <span class="keyword"> Adobe Marketing Cloud </span> has changed to <span class="term"> Target - Classic Workflow </span>. </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p> June 2014 </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> <span class="keyword"> Media Optimizer </span> </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/demdex/c_mmp.html#concept_B81EDDFCE607445CB08F1AD6AB7E6F50" format="http" scope="external"> Master Marketing Profile Integration </a>: Send data directly from Adobe Analytics to Audience Management rather than using the Data Integration Library (DIL). </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/demdex/c_release_notes.html" format="http" scope="external"> August 2014 </a> </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"></td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/demdex/c_profile_merge.html#concept_833EDBB4F40343739A00EFCCB87201BF" format="http" scope="external"> Profile Merge </a>: Combines profile from authenticated accounts and anonymous devices into a single profile to deepen segmentation and targeting. </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/demdex/c_release_notes.html" format="http" scope="external"> September 2014 </a> </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> <a href="https://support.neolane.net/doc/AC6.1/en/home.html" format="https" scope="external"> Campaign v6.1 </a> </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> <a href="https://support.neolane.net/doc/AC6.1/en/home.html" format="https" scope="external"> Campaign v6.1 </a>: Integration with Adobe Experience manager; Distributed Marketing campaigns; Typology of standard reports, and more. </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p> July 2014 </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> <a href="https://docs.adobe.com/docs/en/aem/6-0.html" format="http" scope="external"> Experience Manager v6.0 </a> </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> The Adobe Experience Manager (AEM) v6.0 release provides a complete suite of applications for the Web Experience Management (WEM) of organisations. </p> <p>Help for AEM was moved to a new location at: <a href="https://docs.adobe.com" scope="external"> docs.adobe.com </a>. </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>May 2014 </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Help and Community </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/home/" format="https" scope="external"> Help Home </a>: The new help domain is <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/home/" format="https" scope="external"> https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/home/ </a>. Please update your bookmarks. (Content will be migrating on a solution basis throughout the year, so you may see the previous domain for some content.) </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>Ongoing </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

## Core Services

### Marketing Cloud Interface 15.1.1 {#marketing_cloud_interface}

New features and fixes in the [!DNL  Adobe Marketing Cloud] collaboration and sharing interface. 

<!-- <p>https://wiki.corp.adobe.com/display/marketingcloud/MC15.2.1+Release+Checklist </p> -->

<table id="table_4E4B34EEE3D94D78BA1A1FBC62950559"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Feature </th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Creative Cloud - Marketing Cloud </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Marketing Cloud Users can now share folders to the Creative Cloud and sync assets and comments across the two Clouds. See <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mcloud/?f=creative_cloud" format="https" scope="external"> Share Marketing Cloud Folders and Assets </a>. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

See [Getting Started with Adobe Marketing Cloud](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mcloud/home.html) for product help. 

### Adobe Mobile Services {#mobile}

<table id="table_7E7A3E9E45854F98AEAA53924EBA5FB4"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Feature </th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> <span class="uicontrol"> Usage </span> &gt; <span class="uicontrol"> Funnel </span></p> <p> In  <span class="wintitle"> Analytics </span>, the funnel reports let you identify where customers abandon a marketing campaign or where they divert from a defined conversion path while interacting with your website or cross-channel campaign. </p> <p> You can specify funnel steps (any variable or metric) and funnel comparisons (also any variable or metric). Each step shows falloff and conversion from the previous step. The comparison allows you to compare different filters (segments) per step. </p> <p>By default, the <span class="wintitle"> Funnel Report </span> is empty. Click <span class="uicontrol"> Customize </span> to begin using standard metrics and filters. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> <span class="uicontrol"> Usage </span> &gt; <span class="uicontrol"> Retention </span></p> <p> The <span class="term"> First Launch Cohort Report </span> is now called <span class="term"> Retention </span>. This report allows reporting of feature retention. It can report on other events, such as social sharing cohorts, purchaser cohorts, and widget user cohorts. You also have more control over the date range. </p> <p>For example, suppose that you need to answer the question, "Do social sharers continue to share or do they stop after 1 week?" You can use a metric such as Social Sharers Retained for N Days to analyze how well new features are retaining users within the new feature set. </p> <p>You can also see a distribution in days for feature retention instead of a retention on a daily basis. For example, a distribution would show for the selected date range 30% of users retained 1 day, 25% retained 2 days, and 15% of users retained 3 days. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

**Fixes** 

* Fixed an issue preventing [!DNL  Target] reports from displaying when zero is the conversion rate.
* Changed the icon for the *` Archive Selected`* option, to avoid confusion.

See [Adobe Mobile Services](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mobile/) for product documentation. To see the release notes for previous releases, expand *Previous Release Notes* in the left pane. 

### Data Connectors {#data_connectors}

Not updated this month. 

### Dynamic Tag Management {#dtm}

**Fixes** 

* Dynamic tag management no longer overrides global variables with the name *` window.t`*.

See [What's New in Dynamic Tag Management](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/dtm/whatsnew.html) for current and cumulative release notes, help, and documentation updates. 

## [!DNL Analytics]

### New Features in [!DNL Analytics] {#features_analytics}

|  Component/Feature  | Description  |
|---|---|
|  Data warehouse  | Added support for summary data sources in data warehouse reports. This lets you report on metrics such as search engine (pre-click) data from Adobe Media Optimizer.  |

### Marketing Reports & Analytics {#fixes_reports_analytics}

**Fixes** 

* Refined the way that visit and visitor metrics are calculated when only part of a visit is included in the selected reporting period, breakdown, or segment. After this change, if no measurable data for a metric is collected for the part of the visit that is included in the report, then a visit is not counted. **This change will result in a small decrease in several metrics including entries, exits, visits, visitors, single access, bounces, and visitor home page**. For example, if a visit starts with a page view at 11:58pm on January 1, then ends with an exit link at 12:01am on January 2nd, a visit is not counted when reporting for the day of January 2nd only because a page view did not occur on that date. **This change will also result in a small increase in Time Spent Per Visit and Time Spent Per Visitor**, since a visit is no longer counted if there is not a value for time spent included in the calculation (since the last hit of a visit does not record time spent, if the report contains only the last hit due to filtering, a visit is no longer counted).
* Fixed an issue where deleted dashboards kept delivering weekly scheduled reports but were invisible in the Scheduled Reports Manager.
* Fixed an issue where customers were unable to download more than 50 lines of breakdown reports.
* Fixed a browser cache issue that affected the visibility of segments in Internet Explorer 9.

### Ad Hoc Analysis {#fixes_ad_hoc}

**Fixes** 

* Fixed an issue where a segment that uses the *` Then`* operator showed compatibility with Ad Hoc Analysis in the Reports &amp; [!DNL Analytics] Segment Builder. However, when running a report with the segment in Ad Hoc Analysis, it showed an error. The segment showed another error when attempting to save it in the Ad Hoc Analysis Segment Builder.

### Data Warehouse {#fixes_data_warehouse}

>[!NOTE]
>
>Data warehouse access from Version 14 has been removed. [Learn more](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/reference/?f=whatsnew_segments) 

## AppMeasurement and Mobile SDKs {#appmeasurement_sdk}

** [!DNL  AppMeasurement] for JavaScript** 

**Version 1.4.2** 

* Fixed handling of WebKit prerender handling to prevent tracking of pre-rendered pages that are not viewed.
* The distribution zip was updated to include Visitor API 1.3.4 and an updated audience management module that includes DIL version 5.5.

**Marketing Cloud ID Service** 

**Version 1.3.4** 

* Updated ` <head>/<body>` tag finding for JSONP request ` <script>` tag container, as well as the creation of the ` <script>` tag to account for different DOM implementations (HTML vs. XHTML) with possibly different case sensitivity settings.

**[!DNL  AppMeasurement] for Other Platforms** 

See [AppMeasurement Release History](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/sc/appmeasurement/release/index.html) the following for a release history of [!DNL  AppMeasurement] on the following platforms: 

* JavaScript
* iOS
* Android
* Flash-Flex
* OSX
* Windows Phone, XBOX, Silverlight, and .NET
* BlackBerry
* Java
* PHP
* Symbian

## [!DNL Target]

See [Target Release Notes](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/target/target/r_release_notes.html) for the latest information. 

This release includes the following enhancements: 

<table id="table_D0DD38395B6C4CB4BD334A02C7487AA4"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Enhancement </th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Allow for past behavior algorithms to serve more than just the last viewed item. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Exclusion rules are now applied to recently viewed items. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

See [Target Release Notes](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/target/rn/) for the latest information. 

## Search&amp;Promote {#section_D28F5C0158D64702896CF29E3887E42A}

**New feature** 

* When you want to apply trigger conditions to a Business Rule, in the Advanced Rule Builder, following **[!UICONTROL  If any/all of the following conditions are met]**, in the first drop-down list, select **[!UICONTROL  keyword]**, and then select the new operator **[!UICONTROL  equal exact]** in the second drop-down list. 

**Fixed and enhancements** 

* Editing an existing Business Rule that has a status of "approved" now revokes the "approved" status. You must use [!UICONTROL  Advanced Rule Builder] to recheck the option **[!UICONTROL  Approved]**, and then save the rule as usual. If you do not reapprove an edited rule, the rule's status is automatically set to WIP (Work In Progress) on the [!UICONTROL  Business Rules] page. 
* A new **[!UICONTROL  Advanced Search]** option is now available on the [!UICONTROL  Business Rules] page for improved filtering of rules. 
* Added **[!UICONTROL  contains word]** condition to rule triggers in Query Cleaning, Pre-Search Rules, Post Search Rules, and Business Rules, to let you easily specify word breaks. 
* Improvements made to Business Rule notes. For example, you view a rule, you can now retrieve the notes history for that rule. Also, notes are now logged in **[!UICONTROL  Reports]** > **[!UICONTROL  Change Log]**. 
* Queries with non-zero ` sp_i` values are no longer run through the [!DNL  SiteCatalyst] redirector. 
