---
description: Data Workbench 6.4, Calculated Metrics Builder, updates to freeform analysis, processing rules increases, new video core metrics in Video Stream Analytics, and more.
keywords: release notes
seo-description: Data Workbench 6.4, Calculated Metrics Builder, updates to freeform analysis, processing rules increases, new video core metrics in Video Stream Analytics, and more.
seo-title: Release Notes - June 2015
solution: Experience Cloud,Release Notes
title: Release Notes - June 2015
uuid: 9ff9a4d0-51ed-4e10-b179-170003929d21
---

# Release Notes - June 2015

Data Workbench 6.4, Calculated Metrics Builder, updates to freeform analysis, processing rules increases, new video core metrics in Video Stream Analytics, and more.

## Core Services

### Adobe Mobile Services {#mobile}

The [!DNL  Adobe Mobile Services] June 18, 2015 release includes the following changes: 

**Feature Access Change** 

Customers must have [!DNL  Analytics—Mobile Apps] or [!DNL  Analytics Premium] in order to use the following functionality: 

* In-app Messaging
* Acquisition Campaign Tracking
* Points of Interest Analytics

Customers with [!DNL  Analytics Standard] or other analytics point products (such as [!DNL  SiteCatalyst]) will be grand-fathered in to current functionality until renewal. 

[!DNL  Analytics] core customers will not have this functionality. 

**Fixes and Enhancements** 

* Expiration for tracking acquisition campaigns changed from visit to visitor for all customers. This change facilitates campaign attribution to post download activity to the visitor for all visits instead of just the first visit. 
* Reorganized and improved the following guides: 

    * [Adobe Mobile Services Users Guide](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mobile/) 
    * [iOS SDK 4.x for Marketing Cloud Solutions Admin Guide](https://docs.adobe.com/content/help/en/mobile-services/ios/overview.html) 

See [Adobe Mobile Services](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mobile/) for product documentation. To see the release notes for previous releases, expand *Previous Release Notes* in the left pane. 

### Video Stream Analytics (Heartbeat) {#section_B89AE2377D85492592CB28715A288888}

The Video Stream Analytics (heartbeat) June 18, 2015 release includes the following changes: 

<table id="table_193CB58F22D14FE4AB4759418A00848B"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Feature </th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Video Core metrics </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> <span class="uicontrol"> Admin Tools </span> &gt; <span class="uicontrol"> Report Suites </span> &gt; <span class="uicontrol"> Edit </span> &gt; <span class="uicontrol"> Video Management </span> &gt; <span class="uicontrol"> Video Reporting </span> </p> <p>New video core metrics are available if you re-enable video tracking on the <span class="wintitle"> Video Reporting </span> page. </p> <p> 
     <ul id="ul_F49FF181E93744F8BAD180B994073F20"> 
      <li id="li_315CAFFAAE274FA797F15F0B95163E72"> <p> <b>Content Starts</b> </p> 
       <ul id="ul_F8A637DC3F774BDA87CC82A1CC287C22"> 
        <li id="li_E26E7E4C1848450985627D599F4CBCCD"> <p>For implementations using video heartbeat library v1.5, this metric marks the display of the first frame of the content. </p> </li> 
        <li id="li_AD4DF2CF7F5B43EFA8B8BB173E573E92"> <p> For implementations using video heartbeat library v1.4 and lower, this metric has the same values as <span class="wintitle"> Video Initiates </span> (formerly named <span class="wintitle"> Video Views </span>). </p> </li> 
       </ul> </li> 
      <li id="li_D4A58ED6FBB94296AD267EB4E0F2F360"> <p> <b>Video Time Spent</b> </p> 
       <ul id="ul_CF61AA862DCE46E6B9AD09F9371CE5CE"> 
        <li id="li_A90F569B7D4F47398B481202C005AFA3"> <p>The sum of <span class="wintitle"> Content Time Spent </span> and <span class="wintitle"> Ads Time Spent </span>. You must enable the <span class="wintitle"> Video Ads </span> module to have this metric available. </p> </li> 
       </ul> </li> 
      <li id="li_8913320B99114DE881B5F4E8B3BD0D84"> <p> <b>Video Path</b> </p> 
       <ul id="ul_CCC6EA9299644D48935146DDD988DE36"> 
        <li id="li_70DBC48AD34A4893B7FB2C92DA0F2E72"> <p>This is a Solution Variable. </p> </li> 
        <li id="li_5146C2C8E86F4DACB07A99E7939B360F"> <p>The maximum depth of the path is three. </p> </li> 
       </ul> </li> 
     </ul> </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Video Quality </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> <span class="uicontrol"> Admin Tools </span> &gt; <span class="uicontrol"> Report Suites </span> &gt; <span class="uicontrol"> Edit </span> &gt; <span class="uicontrol"> Video Management </span> &gt; <span class="uicontrol"> Video Reporting </span> </p> <p>The <span class="wintitle"> Video Quality </span> module is now available on the <span class="wintitle"> Video Reporting </span> page. The following metrics are computed: </p> <p> 
     <ul id="ul_A497E9E8203A49B49E6BC8C70B0B435D"> 
      <li id="li_71210DE5FD084554AF614C5CF555FEF6"> <p> <b>Quality Variables: </b>Time to Start, Buffer Events, Total Buffer Duration, Bitrate Switches, Avg Bitrate, Errors, and Dropped Frames. </p> </li> 
      <li id="li_A3F004D76354428599B24B14212AF106"> <p> <b>Quality Events: </b>Time to Start, Drops before Start, Buffer Impacted Streams, Buffer Events, Total Buffer Duration, Bitrate Change Impacted Streams, Bitrate Changes, Avg Bitrate, Error Impacted Streams, Error Events, Dropped Frame Impacted Streams, and Dropped Frames. </p> </li> 
     </ul> </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

**Enhancements** 

* Changed variables and events names to better reflect the components' purposes (video, content, ads). Video now includes both the main content and the ads. 
* Updated the [!UICONTROL  Video Engagement] reports to include new video core metrics. 
* Updated the [!UICONTROL  Video Menu] section to reflect the video module structure. Note that custom menus might be affected. 

**Fixes** 

* Fixed cosmetic issues in [!UICONTROL  Video Engagement] reports. 
* Fixed the metrics in [!UICONTROL  Video DayPart] report by excluding future days from the calculation of the average. 

### Dynamic Tag Management {#dtm}

The dynamic tag management June 8, 2015 release includes the following changes: 

**Fixes and Enhancements:** 

* Fixed an issue in some iOS Safari browsers that produced an error when *`localStorage`* options are restricted by a user.

See [What's New in Dynamic Tag Management](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/dtm/whatsnew.html) for current and cumulative release notes, help, and documentation updates. 

## Analytics

### New Features in [!DNL Analytics] {#features_analytics}

<table id="table_91D1FD20C4C1411292252364328677AF"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Feature/Component </th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> Unified Calculated Metrics </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Calculated Metrics now allow for segmented metrics, more advanced math and the ability to organize and share metrics. </p> <p>You can create new metrics that apply historically without updating your implementation, share and curate metrics to remove the clutter and do basic statistical analysis. You can compare segments much more easily. </p> <p>You can apply these new metrics anywhere in Reports &amp Analytics, Analysis Workspace, Report Builder, and Ad Hoc Analysis. </p> <p> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/analytics/calcmetrics/" format="https" scope="external"> More... </a> </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> Analysis Workspace - Freeform Analysis </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Freeform Analysis lets you drag and drop dimensions, metrics, and segments to create any report that you want. You can break down your data for your specific needs, providing a canvas to build queries using relevant metrics, dimensions, segments, time lines, and other analysis breakdown values. </p> <p>The latest features include: </p> <p> 
     <ul id="ul_F5C624FACEEF4839BD1A9AE10C437085"> 
      <li id="li_55D130DB733D42C2B8293DBFB51FC9B1"> <p> <b>CSV export:</b> you will now be able to export a data table or series of data tables in CSV format on an ad-hoc basis. </p> </li> 
      <li id="li_044A1BC8017B41E5854D700171C7F795"> <p> <b>More visualizations:</b> donut charts, area charts, and horizontal bar charts are now available as visualization types. </p> </li> 
      <li id="li_E458364D65FB4606A064260FB488F57F"> <p> <b>Flexible layout:</b> drag to adjust placement, width, and height of elements on the analysis canvas.. </p> </li> 
      <li id="li_9C2090E76AC1451799639A14400A9657"> <p> <b>Selective visualization:</b> visualizations respond to selections in data tables to allow you to visualize only specific items as desired. </p> </li> 
      <li id="li_FCD7B198558449B783C6EF2591246BF5"> <p> <b>Breakdown improvements:</b> break down multiple line items in a dimension with a single drag and drop. </p> </li> 
      <li id="li_8BA6291B182845FEAFCDA513DB00131E"> <p> <b>Apply segments to entire panels: </b>segments can now be used across an entire panel with a single drag and drop. </p> </li> 
      <li id="li_22D58E07B0BB43C5A50F16523DC7B647"> <p> <b>Permissions improvements:</b> Analysis Workspace access can be granted to non-admins through the user group permissions area in Admin Tools. </p> </li> 
     </ul> </p> <p> <a href="https://docs.adobe.com/content/help/en/analytics/analyze/analysis-workspace/home.html" format="https" scope="external"> Freeform Analysis </a> is currently in an open beta supported primarily by the Analytics community team. For up-to-date information and to pose questions about Freeform Analysis, see the <a href="https://help-forums.adobe.com/content/adobeforums/en/analytics-forum/freeform-analysis.html" format="http" scope="external"> Freeform Analysis (beta) forum </a>. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> Data Warehouse SFTP overwrite </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> SFTP now supports overwrite on transmission. We recommend that you upgrade your SFTP server to a version that supports rename. </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> Processing rules limit increase </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>The number of processing rules allowed has been increased from 100 to 150. Additionally, the allowed size of the processing rule XML has been increased to 4 MB (from 65 KB). This size change prevents an error that was being issued when the XML limitation was exceeded. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> Report Builder </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Support for new calculated metrics. </p> <p> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/arb/calculated_metrics.html" format="html" scope="external"> More... </a> </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> Ad Hoc Analysis </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Support for new calculated metrics. The Calculated Metric Builder user interface in Ad Hoc Analysis now resembles that of Reports &amp Analytics. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Remove users who have blocked all cookies on desktop browsers</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> <span class="uicontrol"> Admin Tools </span> &gt; <span class="uicontrol"> Report Suites </span> &gt; <span class="uicontrol"> Edit Settings </span> &gt; <span class="uicontrol"> General </span> &gt; <span class="uicontrol"> Privacy Settings </span> </p> <p> This feature allows Adobe Analytics customers to respect a user's intention to stop processing for profiling purposes. Laws and regulatory guidance have expressed that a user's action to block cookies is the same as a user's action to opt out from profiling. By enabling this feature, data collected from desktop and mobile browsers where the user has set its browser to block all cookies will be excluded from Analytics reports. If Adobe cannot recognize the web browser, data will be included in Analytics reports. </p> <p> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/whitepapers/cookies/?f=browser_cookie_settings" format="https" scope="external"> More... </a> </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

### New Features in [!DNL Analytics] Premium {#features_analytics_premium}

Analytics Premium provides these additional new features in the [Data Workbench 6.4 release](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/insight/whatsnew/): 

<table id="table_FE8C9A73676345CDA450CE84111A2B72"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Feature </th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td> <b>Data Workbench 6.4</b> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> Exporting to Reports &amp Analytics </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> The Customer Record Service (CRS) export feature lets you export Data Workbench data to integrate with other Analytics' capabilities, including <i>Reports &amp Analytics</i>. </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> New Workstation installation </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> Set up the Data Workbench (Client) using a step-by-step installation wizard. Download, set options, install the workbench, and synch up with servers. </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> Enhanced Workstation Configuration Experience </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> After installation of the workstation, the <b>Configure Connections to the Server</b> workspace will open with additional information about installing a certificate and entering server connection information in the Insight.cfg file. You can also view the connection status to your servers and select profiles. </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> Presentation Layer </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> Annotate and clarify visualizations using a presentation overlay. Add text call-outs, arrows, images, and color coding to highlight and clarify your data, and then share with others. </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> New Metric Dimension wizard </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> Employ a step-by-step wizard to facilitate building metric dimensions. </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> User administration of group member access </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> Administrators can give workstation users the partial ability to manage access control for custom groups. </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> Prevent changes to profiles </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> Prevent profiles from being overwritten by users working in the Profile, Dimensions, Reports, Workspaces, Metrics, or Filters managers. </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> New Workstation user interface updates </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> Data Workbench 6.4 adds new workspace icons, tool tips, splash screens, and an <b>&amp;lt;F1&amp;gt;</b> shortcut to the help. It also lets you open your log files by selecting the <span class="uicontrol"> Help </span> &gt; <span class="uicontrol"> Open Trace Directory </span> from the toolbar. </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> Updated Logging information </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> Data workbench now uses an expanded logging framework "L4" which provides the ability to configure logging based on the need. The default implementation that comes with the 6.4 package provides vital information on the software processing. Logging can be expanded with additional information to troubleshoot server events and help analyze underlying issues, including additional information for associated server, client and report server. <p>For additional support in implementing additional L4 logging, please contact your account manager. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> New cfg file for ExportIntegration.exe logging options </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>A new httpLoggingEI.cfg configuration file (located at <span class="filepath"> server\Admin\Export\httpLoggingEI.cfg </span>) lets you stop INFO logging to the HTTP.log file during Export Integration exports. (The CRS, TNT, and MMP exports already capture verbose logging in individual export log files.) </p> <p>A true setting starts INFO logging (for testing and detailed reporting) to the HTTP.log file, and a false setting stops verbose logging. For a false setting, only a WARNING/ERROR level messages will be sent to the HTTP.log file. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> Zoom feature for Graph visualizations </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> Use the zoom feature to better view metric labels when values reach a higher disparity. Previously the label would disappear with the change in the contrast of values-for example, when you set a higher metric regression value against previous values. You can now zoom in to the visualization by clicking <b>&amp;lt;Ctrl&amp;gt;</b> and moving the mouse wheel while hovering over the graph. </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> New Color Picker tool </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> A new color picker lets you select colors from a simple palette of colors, or select the <span class="wintitle"> Advanced </span> tab to pick from a gradation scale or enter your own RGB values. </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> Finders now export more meta information </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>More meta information is provided when exporting dimensions and metrics from the <span class="wintitle"> Finder </span>. </p> <p> 
     <ul id="ul_8AC1334A783445859BB3F7A8BCCAEEE1"> 
      <li id="li_9E62299980CC4B9394307EA6D0CF1A4F"> <span class="wintitle"> Metrics Finder </span> output includes <i>Name</i> and <i>Formula</i> </li> 
      <li id="li_D6F2845AB8CA44AB9FFC5F7E81ABDC74"> <span class="wintitle"> Dimensions Finder </span> output includes <i>Name</i>, <i>Type</i>, and <i>Parent</i> </li> 
     </ul> </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <span class="filepath"> Insight.exe </span> and <span class="filepath"> InsightSetup.exe </span> are now digitally signed. </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> These executables are now digitally signed to ensure that the software downloads have not been altered or corrupted. </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> Date format options </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> You can change the date format based on your locale in the Standard Time <i>Dimensions.cfg</i> file. Change the default <i>MM/DD/YYYY</i> format to the <i>DD/MM/YYYY</i> format or choose other options. </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> Files visualization broken out </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> The Files visualization ( <span class="uicontrol"> Admin </span> &gt; <span class="uicontrol"> Files </span>) for Base profiles will not include larger directories (removed Logs, Exports, and Lookups) when reporting. This will increase the speed in displaying the report. The larger directories now have their own individual reports (Admin / Export Files, Lookup Files, and Log Files). </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> DeviceAtlas Transformations improved </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> The DeviceAtlas.bundle file now uses in-memory cache to greatly improve the performance of look-ups. </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> Updated Chord visualization </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> Improved visibility when hovering over a section when viewing the <b>Chord</b> visualization. </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> Drag dimensions from Finder to a Detail Table </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> From the workstation, you can now drag dimensions from <span class="wintitle"> Finder </span> panel directly to the Detail Table in a workspace. </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

### Reports &amp; Analytics Fixes {#fixes_reports_analytics}

* Fixed an issue that resulted in an error when trying to download a [!UICONTROL  Last Touch Channel] report that included a date comparison and a calculated metric.
* Fixed an issue that occurred when trying to create the *`item specific summary`* campaign details report in PDF format.
* Fixed a display error in [!UICONTROL  Admin Tools]. When a user was deleted, the console showed that he or she was deleted by that same user.
* Fixed an issue that caused an instance of an eVar to be incremented if the value of the eVar was deleted or set it to *`blank`*, using processing rules.

### Ad Hoc Analysis Fixes {#fixes_ad_hoc}

* Fixed an issue around report emails ( [!DNL  .xls] and [!DNL  .csv] attachments) that contained the report suite ID instead of the report suite name in the email. It now shows the report suite name.

### Data Workbench Fixes {#fixes_data_workbench}

* Propensity score was not resetting when rerunning different inputs in the same workspace. This now resets properly.
* An issue causing no countable dimensions to be available when first opening the Correlation Matrix has been fixed.
* Export of Target segments were failing because the *`mboxPC`* field was missing. This is now fixed.
* ID request formatted correctly. Using the *`mbox3rdpartyId`* identification instead of default PCIDs caused [!UICONTROL  Adobe Target] to reject requests generated via the Target/Data Workbench integration (using the [!DNL  ExportIntegration.exe]). This ID request is now being formatted correctly and throughput is successful.
* A Report Server memory leak when exporting to Excel has been fixed.

### Data Warehouse Fixes {#fixes_data_warehouse}

* Segments: Added data warehouse support for *`event-exists`* operator for non-event metrics.
* Segments: Added support for the *`not-event-exists`* operator.
* Segments: Added support for *`timerange*`*.
* Made changes to Visit Time/Site Time business logic: 

    * Use *`visit_start_time_gmt`* as the starting time of a visit. Now visits that started before the reporting date range are not negatively impacted.
    * Added a new breakdown category *`Group L: No duration`* to classify visits that span zero seconds. Now these visits are no longer included in the *`Group A: <1 minute`* time bucket.
    * Transactional data source hits (hit_source=7) are no longer assumed to have a Visit duration.
    * Time-stamped hits that are designated a timestamp earlier than *`visit_start_time_gmt`* have absolute value applied to the time delta so they will not always automatically be categorized as *`Group A: <1 minute`*.


>[!NOTE]
>
>Data warehouse access from Version 14 has been removed.[Learn more](https://docs.adobe.com/content/help/en/analytics/components/segmentation/whats-new-segmentation.html) 

### AppMeasurement and Mobile SDKs {#appmeasurement_sdk}

<!-- <p>https://wiki.corp.adobe.com/display/omtrcache/Visitor+API+Release+Log </p> -->
**Marketing Cloud Visitor ID Service** 

**Version 1.5** 

* Authenticated state support. Along with the Marketing Cloud Visitor ID, the Visitor API accepts multiple Customer IDs for the same visitor along with a customer type identifier, to separate the scope of the different Customer IDs and *`authStates`*.
* Removed deprecated support for Audience Manager DPID mappings to Customer ID Types used in *`setCustomerIDs`*.

**Version 1.5** 

* Support for Visitor API 1.5, which uses the *`getCustomerIDs`* method to gather Customer IDs and authenticated state, and sends the IDs in with data collection requests.

**[!DNL  AppMeasurement] for Other Platforms** 

See [AppMeasurement Release History](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/sc/appmeasurement/release/index.html) the following for a release history of [!DNL  AppMeasurement] on the following platforms: 

* JavaScript
* iOS
* Android
* Flash-Flex
* OSX
* Windows Phone, XBOX, Silverlight, and .NET
* BlackBerry
* Java
* PHP
* Symbian

### [!DNL Analytics] Web Services (SOAP and REST APIs) {#analytics_web_svcs}

**Updates** 

<table id="table_64A874F04B18466FA5395ECE0C2C830D"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Feature </th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>New calculated metrics API methods </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> We added API methods under a new Calculated Metrics module: <span class="varname"> CalculatedMetrics.Get </span> (see all the calculated metrics you have access to, or as an admin, all calculated metrics for the company), <span class="varname"> CalculatedMetrics.Save </span> (create new calculated metrics or update existing ones), <span class="varname"> CalculatedMetrics.Delete </span> and <span class="varname"> CalculatedMetrics.GetFunctions </span> (see the full list of allowed functions in the new calculated metrics definitions). </p> <p>See <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/developer/blog/new-calculated-metrics-and-the-apis" format="https" scope="external"> New Calculated Metrics and the APIs </a> for an overview, and <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/developer/documentation/segments-1-4/calculated-metrics" format="https" scope="external"> Calculated Metrics </a> for the APIs. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

## [!DNL Audience Manager]

<table id="table_A6749BA62D5B40479B949EA1C64E4B7F"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Feature </th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Data Export Controls </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>The <span class="wintitle"> Data Export Controls </span> prevent you from adding traits to segments or sending data to a destination if this action violates data privacy or data use policies. See the <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/aam/?f=c_dec.html" format="https" scope="external"> Data Export Controls documentation </a> for details. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

**Fixes, Enhancements, and Deprecations** 

* We are improving API documentation with Swagger. See the [Audience Manager API Docs](https://bank.demdex.com/portal/swagger/index.html) section for new and revised methods.
* Added new documentation on [Marketing Cloud Visitor IDs](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/aam/?f=c_visitor_id_versions.html). Sometimes you need a visitor ID when you create or edit a data source.
* Fixed an issue that prevented you from dragging traits between groups in [!UICONTROL  Trait Builder].
* Fixed a [!UICONTROL  Segment Builder] issue that removed traits from segments if the segment contained more than 100 traits.

## [!DNL Social]

The Social 15.6.1.0 release (June 18, 2015) includes the following changes: 

**New Features** 

<table id="table_191B769A5A8A405C87A34245BE6B1127"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Feature </th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr valign="top"> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Adobe Social Mobile App </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>The <span class="keyword"> Adobe Social </span> mobile app brings the power of <span class="keyword"> Adobe Social </span> content publishing workflows to your iPhone or iPad. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

**Fixes and Enhancements** 

This [!DNL  Social] release focuses on improved performance, scalability, usability, and reliability.  The fixes highlighted below describe resolutions for the more important customer-reported issues. 

* Enhanced the publishing workflow to include a reminder when you click [!UICONTROL  Post Now] that lists the names of the properties to which you are posting content.
* Renamed the [!UICONTROL  Approve Now] button to [!UICONTROL  Bypass Approvals] to clarify the behavior. Clicking [!UICONTROL  Bypass Approvals] uses the override permission.
* Enhanced the spell-check function in the [!UICONTROL  Publisher] to ignore shortened links and underline misspellings as expected.
* Fixed an issue with the [!UICONTROL  Post Analytics] report that caused filters to not respect selected page groups.
* Fixed an issue that caused the [!UICONTROL  Download] and [!UICONTROL  Send] functions on the [!UICONTROL  Post Analytics] report to not function.
* Fixed an issue that caused an error when accessing the Post Details report for a YouTube video.
* Fixed an issue that caused discrepancies between the number of [!UICONTROL  Page Engagements] reported in the [!UICONTROL  Properties] report and in its downloaded file.
* Fixed an issue that caused data in the [!UICONTROL  Properties] report and in its downloaded file to be off by one day.
* Fixed an issue with the [!UICONTROL  Classification] filter in the [!UICONTROL  Social Buzz] report that caused no results to be returned.
* Fixed an issue that prevented tracking codes from appending to Facebook album posts.
* Fixed an issue that sometimes caused posts to fail due to timeout errors.
* Fixed an issue that prevented moderation-workflow assignees from displaying in Internet Explorer 11 browsers.
* Fixed an issue that prevented users from creating listening rules for WordPress that contain an OR operator.

See [Release Notes for Adobe Social](https://docs.adobe.com/content/help/en/social/using/home.html) for more information. 

## [!DNL Target]

Refer to the [Adobe Target Release Notes](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/target/rn/) for the latest release information about the following products: 

* Target Standard and Premium
* Target Classic
* Recommendations Classic

[!DNL  Adobe Experience Manager] is an enterprise web content management system that lets you author, manage, develop, and publish your web sites. 

## Key Documentation Changes

<table id="table_3C13024F4D754E2C98D7B8434A3497EF"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry"> Item </th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
   <th colname="col3" class="entry"> Date Published </th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> New <a href="https://docs.adobe.com/content/help/en/analytics/components/calculated-metrics/cm-overview.html" format="https" scope="external"> Calculated Metric Builder </a> and Calculated Metric Manager </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Calculated Metrics now allow for segmented metrics, more advanced math and the ability to organize and share metrics. </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>June 18, 2015 </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> <a href="https://docs.adobe.com/content/help/en/analytics/analyze/analysis-workspace/home.html" format="https" scope="external"> Freeform Analysis </a> (public beta) </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>A feature in Analysis Workspace, freeform analysis lets you built data tables and drag-and-drop metrics, dimensions, segments, and multiple visualizations to a project panel. </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>June 18, 2015 </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/insight/whatsnew/" format="https" scope="external"> Data Workbench 6.4 </a> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Data Workbench 6.4 release includes several new features described <a href="../../c-legacy-releases/2015/06182015.md#features_analytics_premium" format="dita" scope="local"> here </a>. </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>June 18, 2015 </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/whitepapers/first_party_cookies/?f=adobe_managed_cert_pgm" format="https" scope="external"> Adobe Managed Certificate Program </a> </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Added <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/whitepapers/first_party_cookies/?f=adobe_managed_cert_pgm" format="https" scope="external"> Adobe Managed Certificate Program </a> to the revamped <span class="term"> First-Party Cookies </span> product documentation. </p> <p>The managed certificate program lets you implement a new first-party SSL certificate for first-party cookies at no additional cost. </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>May 22, 2015 </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mobile/" format="https" scope="external"> Mobile </a> </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Revamped the Adobe Mobile product documentation. </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>May 22, 2015 </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mcloud/index.html?f=core_services" format="https" scope="external"> Enabling Your Solutions for Core Services </a> </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>A high-level round-up what you need to do to modernize your solution implementations for core services. </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>March 19, 2015 </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p> <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/mcloud/index.html?f=attributes" format="https" scope="external"> Customer Attributes </a> </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>If you capture enterprise customer data in a customer relationship management (CRM) database, you can upload that data into the Marketing Cloud. </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>March 19, 2015 </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <a href="../../c-legacy-releases/2015/03192015.md#concept_3DD490B0F7DD4157BD55519762B53B0C" format="dita" scope="local"> Analytics Spring Release </a> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>See the <a href="../../c-legacy-releases/2015/03192015.md#analytics" format="dita" scope="local"> New Features </a> section in Analytics for a round-up of new documentation for the Spring 2015 Analytics release. </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>March 19, 2015 </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Analytics <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/reference/classification_rule_set.html" format="https" scope="external"> Classification Rules </a> - overwrite existing values </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>In <span class="uicontrol"> Admin Tools </span> &gt; <span class="uicontrol"> Classification Rule Builder </span> &gt; <span class="term"> &lt;rule set name&gt; </span>, two new options enable you to select an overwrite mode: </p> 
    <ul id="ul_14E61CC9E94B431090539CB47A9B83D6"> 
     <li id="li_F77AEF4B136540E5A6E1040215999E85"> <b>Rules overwrite any existing values:</b> (Default setting) Always overwrite existing classification keys, including classifications uploaded via the importer (SAINT). </li> 
     <li id="li_0E82075DFBF04D1D8D686A5B95FCFB3E"> <b>Rules overwrite only unset values:</b> Only fill in blank (unset) cells. Existing classifications will not be changed. </li> 
    </ul> <p>Previously, if a key was already classified in any column or cell, the rule would not run on that key, and the row in the table was skipped. </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col3"> <p>February 19, 2015 </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

